Read Novels Online Free
 NOVEL  Swallowed Star  Chapter 1476 - Birth
Swallowed Star
Chapter 1476 - Birth
Prev Chapter
 
 
 
Next Chapter

Chapter 1476: Birth
Translator: Nyoi-Bo Studio Editor: Nyoi-Bo Studio

Luo Fengs original body was making its way back at that moment within his miniature universe.

Master, Morosa reported respectfully. There are many Sector Beasts escaping into the Lost Ocean Domain of Universe Ocean. Out of the 450,000 Sector Beasts from the second batch, 420,000 have escaped into the Lost Ocean Domain. Adding to this number are those Sector Beasts from the first batch Master went after. The number of Sector Beasts that Master has killed and enslaved is a far cry from half the number of the first batch of Sector Beasts. If all the Sector Beasts who have escaped into the Lost Ocean Domain started fighting one another, their numbers alone could give rise to two sixth-stage Sector Beasts!

Luo Feng nodded. 900,000 Sector Beasts could probably give rise to the birth of three sixth-stage Sector Beasts. The number of Sector Beasts he had killed and enslaved merely constituted a small portion. Judging by the remaining ones, it was entirely possible for the birth of two sixth-stage Sector Beasts.

However, according to the Sector Beasts Iron Rule of Fate, two sixth-stage Sector Beasts have to kill one another, Morosa said. Only one can remain standing.

The iron rule of fate was a set of shackles imposed upon the process of giving birth to the final king of the entire Sector Beast race. To hasten the birth of the final king, there were four iron rules.

The first iron rule was that no two sixth-stage Sector Beasts were allowed to coexist. They were required to fight one another to death. All their divided bodies also would have to fight each other until there was only one left standing.

The second iron rule was that the final king had to be born during the gestation period. Maximizing the time stipulated by the breeding process, even if they were forced to fight and kill one another, the devouring had to continue to the very last minute of their time limit until there was only one left standing.

The third iron rule: If there were only two Sector Beasts left, regardless of how powerful or powerless they were, they had to fight one another until there was only one left standing.

The fourth iron rule: The final surviving Sector Beast, regardless of being a first-stage or a sixth-stage Sector Beast, would become the ultimate king.

Hmm.

Luo Fengs brows were furrowed as he thought. The number of Sector Beasts was too many. Hundreds of thousands of Sector Beasts in the Lost Ocean Domain, probing in different regions, meant there had to be a large number of reference points where these hundreds of thousands of Sector Beasts had gone. Altogether, the Sector Beasts would have obtained substantial information of a region of the map of Lost Ocean Domain! This would allow the Sector Beasts to be able to speedily escape through the natural wormholes time and again. But there was no way Luo Feng could give chase because he did not have the benefit of a map!

The moment this new ocean map was defined, Luo Feng was unable to give chase no matter how he tried. He was forced to retreat.

30,000 Sector Beasts have stayed behind, Morosa reported respectfully. They did not go to the Lost Ocean Domain. They are all separated from one another, scattered all over the three most dangerous lands. The environment of the three most dangerous lands is severe. Catching even one of these Sector Beasts is going to be very difficult.

Luo Feng understood. The 30,000 Sector Beasts that remained behind were represented a beacon of hope for their race. For those Sector Beasts that had escaped into Lost Ocean Domain, although they would have managed to piece together a partial map of the region, they had fled too far; there was no way they could rely on their own abilities to return.

In the future, when a sixth-stage Sector Beast is born, Morosa said, by sensing the whereabouts of some of the Sector Beasts who have stayed behind, it could kill its way into our Universe Ocean. They might have been worried that Master would kill all the remaining Sector Beasts, including those of us who have pledged allegiance to you, Master. Killing us all would cause them to lose their points of reference and be lost for eternity. They would not be able to return. Accordingly, the number of Sector Beasts they left behind was many: 30,000! There is no way Master can kill them all in a short time.

******

How cruel! But Luo Feng had to do his best. When his original body returned, the first thing to do was to head to Tilted Peak Sector!

Within Tilted Peak Sector, the land was vast and divided into many special regions. Presently, those Sector Beasts were simply heading for any of these special regions they chanced upon! There were even some Sector Beasts that escaped directly into some of the most dangerous lands. Upon entering such dangerous lands, getting out again would be challenging.

Apprehend!

Catch them.

Catch them!

The 30,000 Sector Beasts that had remained behind to play the role of the beacon of hope were all second-stage Sector Beasts. They were not considered powerful. Before Luo Feng, they did not even have the ability to self-destruct. Therefore, they could all be forcibly caught and confined within Star Tower by Luo Feng. Then, MengQu would devour them all. Luo Feng was no longer enslaving them because there was also a limit to the number of soul slaves he could own.

Loathsome!

Within Star Tower, silver-armored Luo Feng was looking far ahead. Deep within the endless darkness was a huge abyss. This was the well-known Dark Yong Domain that was at the core ground of Tilted Peak Sector.

To think you would go so far as to escape into Dark Yong Domain, Luo Feng muttered. The moment you step into Dark Yong Domain, there is no way you can get out. Yet, as many as 102 Sector Beasts are hiding in there.

Would Luo Feng dare to enter? Of course not!

Just a while ago, he had tried getting a godly powered avatar to control an automaton-type battleship and drive its way in, but after entering, there was no way it could come out!

These Sector Beasts have given no thought of coming out again. Luo Feng shook his head.

There were many dangerous lands similar to the three most dangerous lands. Once someone entered, escape would be impossible. At that moment, a substantial number of Sector Beasts were making their way into these places! With the methods Luo Feng had, there were some dangerous lands he could still manage to escape from, but there were also those that he would not be able to escape from.

Luo Feng did not dare to personally survey the situation, so he had to send his godly powered avatar to conduct the investigation. The previous two times, the godly powered avatar had controlled the automaton-type battleship and charged its way out. But this time, upon entering Dark Yong Domain, no matter how it tried, it would be unable to get out.

30,000 Sector Beasts. It is impossible to kill them all. Luo Feng sighed. Then, controlling Star Tower, he left.

******

In the faraway Lost Ocean Domain, where Universe Ocean was simply much too vast, a few hundred thousand Sector Beasts were exploring, yet all they had managed to find out, collectively, merely constituted a small part of the entire domain. Now, the few hundred thousand Sector Beasts were gathered in this ocean domain. Though relatively small, the area of the ocean domain that the Sector Beasts had managed to learn about was much more than ten times that of what Luo Feng and the three reincarnation eras had managed to learn about the same domain.

Kill!

Between you and I, only one can survive.

Two hideous-looking Sector Beasts were fighting one another without inhibitions. Blood splattered everywhere. It was simply crazy, and such killing was taking place in different void spaces. Several hundred thousand Sector Beasts were killing and evolving simultaneously. They were hanging on to everything they got as they evolved.

Time passed. In the blink of an eye, nearly a year had gone by. Within the Lost Ocean Domain, only two Sector Beasts remained. They were equally impressive, and they were both sixth-stage Sector Beasts.

Hong! Hong!

A powerful, oppressive force caused the entire void space to vibrate. Both Sector Beasts stood far apart from one another in the void space as they faced one another. One of the Sector Beasts gripped an axe. Both their bodies were covered with complex, blood-colored engravings. At the same time, a single horn grew on each of their foreheads. The tips of these horns flashed with white light. This white light seemed to annihilate everything.

The two Sector Beasts had slightly different auras. One was eerie, while the other was more violent. They were Mohe and You.

Mohe, we have both crossed over to the sixth stage. It is destined that only one of us can survive.

You You are dead for sure. Let me be the one to finish off this Milky Way Horde Leader to become the ultimate king.

The two sixth-stage Sector Beasts were engaged in a life-and-death battle within that faraway Lost Ocean Domain.

******

You had been annihilated! Mohe had become the final surviving sixth-stage Sector Beast!

After devouring You, Mohes power had rapidly climbed up to reach the top level of the sixth stage. Then, right away, it made its way back.

Milky Way Horde Leader! My noble Sector Beast race is the rightful owner for the final victory.

Mohe was advancing through the void space with a godly axe in his hand. By relying on the ability to sense his fellow Sector Beasts whereabouts, it would never get lost. The few thousand Sector Beasts scattered all over the three dangerous landswho had yet to be apprehended and hacked to death by Luo Fengwere all extremely excited. Finally, a sixth-stage Sector Beast had arrived.

After about a month, Mohe finally stepped into the familiar ocean domain again.

I I am here. Standing amidst the vast void space, the single horns on Mohes two heads were curved as they stabbed in the direction of the void space up ahead. The white lights at the tips were faint. Both the single eyes on its two heads flashed with madness.

Mohe, said a second-stage Sector Beast hidden in a mountain range, we shall leave everything to you.

Hong!

The hidden second-stage Sector Beast self-destructed. freewbnove.com

Mohe, I trust you, said another Sector Beast hiding inside the Universe Boat, who also self-destructed.

The last glory of our Sector Beast race. You need to protect it!

Kill that Milky Way Horde Leader!

We of the Sector Beast race should be the ones of highest nobility!

One after the other, Sector Beasts were self-destructing. They were Sector Beasts that Luo Feng either had not had time to hunt and kill, or those who had hidden in some of the most dangerous lands, so Luo Feng had been unable to hunt and kill them. One by one, they were self-destructing in succession! All were annihilated.

There was only one Sector Beast left who was truly free of enslavement: Mohe!

I, Mohe! I will protect the last remnant of the glory of my noble Sector Beast race. I will not allow that Milky Way Horde Leader to tarnish our race! Roar! Mohe raised both his heads and roared in anger.

At this moment, an invisible fate was enshrouding it. It was the one and only Sector Beast free of slavery.

******

Luo Feng was still in shock upon witnessing the repeated self-destruction and disappearance of the Sector Beasts. Morosas expression suddenly registered a drastic change.

Master!

Master!

Master!

Morosa and the few other enslaved Sector Beasts, like MengQu, who were together with it at the three most dangerous lands, simultaneously transmitted their messages to Luo Feng in shaky voices.

What is it? Luo Feng sensed that something was amiss. Why would the nine great Sector Beasts he had enslaved report to him all at the same time?

Master! Morosa shouted in shock. When the Sector Beasts who were scattered all over self-destructed at the same time, we felt the fate.

The fate? Luo Feng was taken aback.

The Sector Beast race was greatly controlled by the influence of fate, as outlined by the four iron rules of fate.

Only one surviving Sector Beast is free of enslavement, Morosa continued. Fate is telling us that even we, the subservient Sector Beasts who pledged our allegiance to you, have to fight and kill among ourselves. There must be a final surviving Sector Beast out of us all. Then this Sector Beast will go to battle against the free Sector Beast to give rise to the ultimate king. This is the fifth iron rule of fatean iron rule that has just fallen upon us.

What? A fifth iron rule? Luo Fengs expression changed drastically.

A free Sector Beast? Against an enslaved Sector Beast? They were actually expected to fight a final battle!

Luo Feng recalled the moment when he had enslaved Morosa. At the time, he had received a warning from the supreme law. The Sector Beasts were a supreme life form that represented destruction. Apparently, attempting to enslave them was difficult in the first place. Now, there was only one surviving Sector Beast that was free of enslavement, and unexpectedly, a fifth iron rule was laid down to hasten the birth of a final king! Obviously, this was to deprive Luo Feng of any chance of preparation.

I have many Sector Beasts as slaves under my command. By observing them execute Destruction, then thoroughly comprehending it, I will be able to ascend to a higher state. So long as I have more time, my power will get stronger. Through this calamity, my chances are higher, too. But now, the supreme law is no longer giving me time.

Luo Fengs expression appeared solemn. When his opponent reached the level of sixth-stage as the top, there would be no higher rank to rise to. Yet he could still gradually rise further if he continued with cultivation.

However, now that the fifth iron rule of fate had descended the ultimate king had to be born.

The final battle. Is this it? Luo Fengs eyes flashed with a complex brilliance. Then bring it on.

Luo Feng took control of Star Tower and started to head back to the primal universe. Those Sector Beasts under his command, unfortunately, would not be able to give rise to the birth of a sixth-tier Sector Beast. When it came to making a final decision between the Sector Beasts free of enslavement and the enslaved ones, of course he would choose to strike! If his side won, that would naturally be the perfect outcome.

If that Sector Beast, Mohe truly became the ultimate king, that would be a true disaster. Everything Luo Feng sought to protect would be annihilated.

On the eve of this battle, Luo Feng could not help but feel a strong urge to see his own family.

Prev Chapter
 
 
Next Chapter
 Report chapter  4 Comments
Ko-fi donationsSupport us to read novels without ads
Freewebnovel.Com
Read Books Online & Free Novels OnlineContact - Sitemap
Privacy & Terms of use
