Read Novels Online Free
 NOVEL  Swallowed Star  Chapter 1484 - The End of Original Universe
Swallowed Star
Chapter 1484 - The End of Original Universe
Prev Chapter
 
 
 
Next Chapter

Chapter 1484: The End of Original Universe
Translator: Nyoi-Bo Studio Editor: Nyoi-Bo Studio

Time passed. It was a period of peace, and more than six trillion eras had gone by silently.

Inside Luo Fengs miniature universe, there was a blue sky and white clouds. Flying beasts and animals were everywhere. There were rolling hills with water flowing down from the hilltops. A white-caped man sat on a mountain. It was Luo Feng. A simple but giant guard stood beside him.

Huh? The guard looked into the distance. A teenager was teleporting toward him from several light years away.

Hua!

The silver-haired teen showed up on the mountainside. He then stepped on the space and went to the peak of the mountain. The silver-haired teen said, Father God!

Xi Mo, whats been happening lately? Luo Feng looked lovingly at the silver-haired teenager.

Xi Mo was exceptional. Luo Feng cared for him almost as much as he cared for his own son. Xi Mo was one of the first life forms that Luo Feng created, so he was technically Luo Fengs own son!

Luo Feng had created many races, and he had combined them with Remote Ocean. More than ten billion eras after the crisis of the Sector Beasts, the first true god had been born from the Remote Ocean line, and it had been Xi Mo!

There were nine different powers in the human race, and each power had lots of true gods. The three powers that were the strongest were the virtual universe company, the Huge Axe Dojo, and Milky Way Kingdom.

Milky Way Kingdom centered around the earthlings, the Remote Ocean line, and the many other great beings who had joined. Luo Feng was the supreme leader of the kingdom. But that was only on the surface. In reality, Milky Way Kingdom was mainly led by Xi Mo.

To Luo Feng, the entire human race was influenced by him, so there was no need for him to have any separated powers. Xi Mo had once told him, Father God, the earthlings and the Remote Ocean line dont have enough say in the senior meetings in the human race. And so, with Luo Fengs permission, Milky Way Kingdom had been established.

Luo Feng knew that the earthlings had been created by Sitting Mountain Guest, and from them, many talents had been born. They were destined to be a powerful line.

As for the Remote Ocean line, it was a race he had created while attempting to pursue the perfection of the life structure. Each had its own advantages. They also had great potential. Both lines were powerful, yet they didnt have enough say, so many great beings were discontent.

However, the true gods on Luo Fengs side were limited to Luo Feng, Hong, and Fire Dom. Luo Feng was too superior and aloof, Hong was too detached from the power, and as for Fire Dome, he was neither an earthling nor from the Remote Ocean line, so he wasnt influential enough.

After Xi Mo had become a true god, many universe masters had gathered under him, treating him as their leader. Everything went smoothly. Representing Luo Feng, they had established Milky Way Kingdom so they could have a great say, thus improving their status in the human race.

They had to fight for it. The humans were far too powerful now. After more than six trillion eras, there were 98 true gods in the human race and 1,222 universe masters! The humans were fighting for various resources, as well as authority.

Father God, said Xi Mo respectfully. Another person became a universe master in Milky Way Kingdom.

Luo Feng nodded. He didnt care much about someone becoming a universe master.

Brother Na Ke has been improving very quickly, said Xi Mo. If given enough time, hell become a universe master.

Na Ke?

Na Ke had been the leading teenager in Blood River World when he had still been weak. Luo Feng was a superior being within the human race now, but he still paid attention to the development of Blood River Worldincluding the growth of Na Ke. He had even helped him three times in secret, though Na Ke hadnt noticed.

In Luo Fengs mind, if Na Ke couldnt become an emperor on his own, there was no need to guide him. Only if he could become an emperor would he be valuable.

Although Luo Feng had helped him three times in secret before, Na Ke was mainly on his own. He had been through a lot, and after billions of years, he had finally become an emperor. When Na Ke had become an emperor, Luo Feng had traveled to Blood River World in the flesh and had admitted him as his disciple! Luo Feng would provide him with guidance once in a while, while Xi Mo was responsible for most of the job.

Although Na Ke has reached the limit of universe knights, Xi Mo said, shaking his head, he might not have enough time to become a universe master in this universe era.

Huh? Luo Feng frowned. Its time?

In accordance with your order, Ive been keeping my eyes on the original universe, said Xi Mo respectfully. Now, everything thats happening in the original universe means that the original universe has reached the end. Soon, itll be destroyed.

Everything? Luo Feng looked at Xi Mo.

Xi Mo nodded. In many star domains, lots of stars have been destroyed! Its normal for a star to meet its end, but it has never before happened on such a large scale. Besides, the probability of a talent being born is declining. Xi Mo had outlined every situation.

Finally, its going to be destroyed! Luo Feng suddenly stood up.

Hed been waiting for this for a long time. He had reached the level of a top-tier true god of void space while fighting the Sector Beasts! He had been able to create top-tier level 12 techniques before.

After more than six trillion eras, hed been talking with Morosa a lot, and Morosa kept showing him the destruction origin, allowing him to comprehend it. Luo Feng had made quite a few improvements. However, he couldnt compare to Morosa. He was already at the level of limit true gods of void space! Yet Morosa advanced so quickly that Luo Feng was jealous. It had already been as powerful as a true god of void space when it first entered its growth period, and now, after more than six trillion eras, Morosa had reached the level of an eternal true god.

Master, said the guard standing to the side, also excited.

Luo Feng took a look at the guard. The guard was Morosa.

Ive been waiting for this moment for so long. Luo Feng smiled.

Father God? Xi Mo was dazed.

Little did he know was that the original mind had made a promise to Luo Fenga promise that he could comprehend the destruction of the original universe. It was a supreme opportunity.

However, I need to go to one place beforehand. Luo Feng looked out into space. You dont need to follow.

Sou!

Luo Feng took a step and disappeared. Xi Mo and that guard gave each other a look.

******

In a silent, deserted star domain where no life forms could be born, Luo Feng appeared.

Its been a long time, whispered Luo Feng.

He had been nothing but a bewildered brat from Earth when hed entered the universe before. Now Sitting Mountain Guest had been of great help to him in reaching this level.

What does Teacher Sitting Mountain Guest want from me? said Luo Feng. I thought Teacher would come and find me after the crisis of the Sector Beasts, but he never did. I wasnt in a rush, so I keep waiting, yet Teacher never called me.

Luo Feng touched the space, as he could sense that there were dimming ripples in the space. The second he entered the original universe, he understood that the original universe had entered the final stage. It would be destroyed after a short while.

After he had comprehended the destruction he wouldnt suppress his power anymore. Instead, he would go and make a breakthrough to the level of a true god of void space. Then he would go transcend incarnation!

However, Sitting Mountain Guest had never instructed him on what to do or what he wanted. Luo Feng was willing to do anything for Sitting Mountain Guest, even if it meant risking his own life.

Hua!

Luo Feng stepped through space and arrived in front of a palace. There was a giant fountain in front of the palace, and there were fish swimming in the pond. An elder stood beside the pond, gazing at it all, looking very relaxed.

Sitting Mountain Guest looked at the pond and said, Here you come.

Yes, I have arrived now. Luo Feng walked toward him.

Sitting Mountain Guest smiled and took a glance at him. Ive been wondering who had the greater patience between the two of us. As it turns out, Im the more patient one.

Luo Feng smiled. It had nothing to do with patience.

Teacher Sitting Mountain Guest had devoted so much energy to him, and he gave him a valuable like Star Tower. He had even been willing to sacrifice his own miniature universe to protect Luo Fengs miniature universe during the crisis of the Sector Beasts. It all showed how much Sitting Mountain Guest valued Luo Feng. How could Sitting Mountain Guest say that this was only about patiencelike a child?

Teacher, said Luo Feng. He couldnt help but ask. This universe era of the original universe is about to end. After I comprehend the whole process of destruction of the original universe, I wont suppress my power anymore. Ill go make a breakthrough and transcend incarnation. Teacher, if you want me to do anything for you, please just tell me now.

Hahaha! Sitting Mountain Guest laughed. No need to rush things.

Theres still no need to rush? Luo Feng was dazed.

Sitting Mountain Guest turned his hand, and a golden crystal appeared on his palm. He looked at the golden crystal for a long time before giving it to Luo Feng.

What is this, Teacher? Luo Feng took a look at the golden crystal. It did not appear to be a valuable.

Take it, said Sitting Mountain Guest. Theres a virtual consciousness in it.

A virtual consciousness? Luo Feng was confused.

Though the last generation of Duan Dong River was dead, it had left a virtual consciousness to select its inheritors. The Godly King of Jin had also left a virtual consciousness behind before he died. That virtual consciousness had all the memories of his original body, but it didnt have any combat power. It was only an artificial intelligencea machine with many memories.

Thats my virtual consciousness, said Sitting Mountain Guest. Ive told you that theres something I cant say out loud I cant do it under the supreme laws.

Luo Feng was dumbfounded.

When youre transcending incarnation Sitting Mountain Guest smiled. When youre transcending incarnation, you wont be restricted by supreme laws, and that is when my virtual consciousness can tell you everything. When youre transcending incarnation, bring out that golden crystal. My virtual consciousness will appear, and youll learn everything.

Luo Feng nodded, though he was pondering Sitting Mountain Guest meant. No wonder Sitting Mountain Guest wasnt in a rush; he could only tell Luo Feng everything while he was transcending incarnation.

Go, said Sitting Mountain Guest. Prepare yourself. The original universe is the most perfect and vast universe. Its destruction contains endless mysteries. Itll benefit you in a way you cant even imagine. Comprehend it carefully! After that, you can go transcend incarnation. Dont be afraid of incarnation transcendence. Its not a trap. Instead, its a good thing.

Luo Feng was dazed. He bowed to show his gratefulness, then left.

Prev Chapter
 
 
Next Chapter
 Report chapter  4 Comments
Ko-fi donationsSupport us to read novels without ads
Freewebnovel.Com
Read Books Online & Free Novels OnlineContact - Sitemap
Privacy & Terms of use
