Read Novels Online Free
 NOVEL  Swallowed Star  Chapter 1458 - The Reincarnation Passageway
Swallowed Star
Chapter 1458 - The Reincarnation Passageway
Prev Chapter
 
 
 
Next Chapter

Chapter 1458: The Reincarnation Passageway
Translator: Nyoi-Bo Studio Editor: Nyoi-Bo Studio

Amid the surging golden waves, a gigantic black cocoon floated. Sometimes it would bulge at one side, and at other times, it would bulge at the other side as though a monster was trying its best to burst forth from the cocoon. Opposing forces were frantically trying to annihilate one another.

Sector Beast Beddy was under the suppression of endless waves and a single thought void space, yet it was not bothered in the least. Looking far into the distance at the black mist cocoon, it broke into a wide smile. As if to publicize its arrogance, it said, Milky Way Horde Leader, you have fallen, and your godly power is not only used to fight the power of the Sector Beasts but is also constantly being devoured by me. Compared to you, my consumption of power is much smaller. In terms of strength, you are only an ordinary human life form. How can you hold a candle to mea noble, fifth-stage Sector Beast?

Beddy was full of confidence.

Break, break, break!

The black mist cocoon was bulging repeatedly while vaguely showing the shape of a blade. Apparently, Luo Feng was using his blade to strike at the black mist cocoon in a frantic manner, yet no matter what he did, he could not force his way out.

Hahaha Sector Beast Beddy was all the more arrogant as it watched Luo Feng struggling helplessly.

******

Within the black mist cocoon, Luo Feng might have appeared to be repeatedly hacking against the black mist cocoon while at the same time blazing his godly power to fight against the Sector Beast, but deep within his heart, he was not the least bit flustered. He kept his cool, as he was aware that the black mist cocoon was very tenacious; if he sought to break it open by force, it would only be possible if both parties were very different in strengths! He could forcibly break open Morosas black mist cocoon, but he could not do the same to the black mist cocoon set up by this fifth-stage Sector Beast, Beddy.

The best solution was to maintain the maximum consumption of godly power on both sides, and thereafter, strike with a full-force attack. This was the best way to break free and make his escape.

The consumption of my godly power is only maintained at a relative rate, not a full-force outburst, Luo Feng said to himself. If not, my godly body would have expanded instantly to a height of one light year. With my mighty godly power, I can instantly annihilate this cocoon.

It was a mutual consumption of power. Blood Ghost Blade was hacking the cocoon, but Luo Feng was maintaining it at a certain degree so that it was revealing adequate power to that degree. He did not want Sector Beast Beddy to become suspicious. However, this would also mean he was unable to charge out of the black cocoon.

Beddy, as the strongest Sector Beast, how can it be that you are afraid to fight me in battle? Luo Fengs face was hideous because of all his angry roaring. He understood that Sector Beasts were able to detect everything that was happening within a short distance, so his expression was definitely visible to Beddy.

If I am able to kill you so easily, is there any need to put forth the effort to fight you? said Sector Beast Beddy.

Beddy was, on the contrary, quite at ease. Deep within its heart, its greatest opponent was none other than Milky Way Horde Leader! So long as it killed Milky Way Horde Leader, the other great beings in Universe Ocean were not worth even mentioning It would become the king of the Sector Beasts easily.

Break them all!

Luo Feng was fearsome, going crazy within the cocoon. His blade ray was dazzling white like snow. Again and again, it hacked against the black cocoon.

We are both consuming one anothers power, thought Luo Feng. I have lost half, and it, too, has lost half. But at the moment, it is constantly devouring my godly power and has devoured almost 30 percent so far. The proportion that we are at now, upon comparison, can be seen as such When I have consumed 80 percent, it will have consumed 50 percent.

Luo Feng was calculating. Although Sector Beast Beddy was constantly devouring his godly power, it still needed time to transform whatever it swallowed! Just like how Morosa required an extremely long time to transform everything it had devoured from one origin each time it swallowed one.

For one Sector Beast to feed on another Sector Beastboth being comprised of the same type of powerwhat was swallowed could naturally be transformed very rapidly. But to devour the power of another type, the transformation process was much more troublesome

Eight to five! When Luo Feng had consumed eight parts of his godly power, the Sector Beast would have consumed five parts of its godly power. If this situation persisted

******

In the blink of an eye, Sector Beast Beddy power was down by one-tenth. This left it in great shock.

Why is he not dead yet? Sector Beast Beddy said, staring at the black cocoon suspended in the distance. The random bulging on all sides continued, so obviously, Luo Feng was still struggling to break out to make an escape. His godly body, even if he was ten million kilometers tall, ought to be used up by now. Something is wrong. He is only a human; how could his godly body get so big?

Beddy did not understand. It might have conversed with Zhen Jia Emperor and Dragon Rock Ancestral God about this, but those two fellows had long been ostracized by the various races of Universe Ocean. They had not been to the World of Jin, either, so they were oblivious to any information regarding the third level of the godly body route. Of course, they would not have known that the moment a godly body reached the third level, it would become a limitless godly body.

Beddy might not have known anything either, but it could sense that something was amiss, so it did not dare to continue what it had started.

Keep!

Sector Beast Beddys two singular eyes were filled with reluctance. Far in the distance, the black cocoon was scattering countless threads and retracting them back into its body.

Luo Feng, garbed in his silver-white armor, stood in the distance. He had five pairs of wings outspread from his back and was holding onto his Blood Ghost Blade.

Luo Feng stared at Beddy. Why are we not continuing?

You are indeed worthy to be called Universe Oceans Number One Master, said Beddy. Now, all the more, Beddy did not dare to belittle this Milky Way Horde Leader. The godly power you have as reserve far exceeds my wildest imagination. It seems that using such simple moves to kill you is simply impossible.

With Blood Ghost Blade in his grasp, Luo Feng shook his head with a sigh. I sought to destroy a good half of your power with this method. I did not expect you to give up so soon.

Just as I have guessed, this was only a ruse. Sector Beast Beddy suddenly let out a low roar. I cant be bothered with anything else. I shall just crush you to death right away. That will do.

A roar followed.

Roar!

The blood-colored secret engravings all over Sector Beast Beddys entire body suddenly lit up. Then, blood-hued halos started to appear all over its body. Its aura suddenly increased in strength as it charged at Luo Feng with a howl. It was extremely fastso fast that its speed far exceeded Luo Fengs.

Holding onto his Blood Ghost Blade, Luo Feng recalled something Morosa had once mentioned to him: Master, a fifth-stage Sector Beast has acquired a portion of the origin of Destruction. In other words, it owns the most powerful technique, Destruction. Even if it chooses not to execute this most powerful technique, its ordinary attacks will still contain the subtle profundity of Destruction. Thus, its power will be greatly enhanced.

Then I shall see for myself.

Luo Feng blazed his godly power to its limit. Instantly, Wu Qi God was infused with some of his godly power.

Having transformed into a silver-white Wu Qi God, Luo Fengs aura produced an instant outburst. He had already managed to activate the second stage of Wu Qi God, so within that short span of time, his power skyrocketed. All this time, he continued to hold his Blood Ghost Blade.

Human!

With its entire being bathed in blood-colored halos, Sector Beast Beddys left and right hands stretched out one after the other, as though each held an endless universe. Then the fingers on its right hand started to change one by one. Instantly, a whirlpool passageway appeared amidst the golden waves. Soon after, the fingers on its left hand also started to transform one by one, and another whirlpool passageway emerged.

The walls of the two whirlpool passageways were like mirrors that reflected everything from the outside world. Both passageways were intertwined with one another, becoming a mirror of one another. With both mirrors reflecting off each other, the endless world was reflected.

The two whirlpool passageways were intertwined with one another, yet they seemed to have given rise to an endless world.

Reincarnation passageway! Sector Beast Beddy initiated a propulsion with both claws.

Hua!

The two intertwining whirlpool passageways formed an endless world of reflections that emitted a bizarre aura. The world moved to enshroud Luo Feng.

Huh? What profound mystery of the Destruction of Origin is this? Luo Feng said.

He immediately felt that this move bore a whole new sense of novelty. These two intertwining whirlpool passageways seemed to have given rise to a trillion spaces.

Annihilation of space.

Blood Ghost Blade, which Luo Feng had been holding safe within his grasp, seemed to change into fine willows. These willows seemed to do a dance of their own accord, which, in turn, brought about endless space ripples. The endless space ripples gathered and condensed, but in the end, they were all brought to a great, boundless annihilation.

Hong!

Luo Fengs Blood Ghost Blade formed a vast expanse of nothingness; wherever it touched, the golden waves also transformed into nothingness.

Peng! Peng! Peng!

When the two intertwining whirlpool passageways collided against the oppressive force of this nothingness. Instantly, a loud rumble was heard. The two intertwining whirlpool passageways tried their best to advance over and over again, and the billions of worlds of reflections they unleashed brought about a tremendous outburst of power as they exerted their mighty impact over and over again.

The vast nothingness whipped up by Luo Fengs Blood Ghost Blade was continuously exerting its oppressive force! Regardless of whether it was 1,000 worlds of reflections, 10,000 of them, or even 100 million, all were annihilated!

Hong!

The final two whirlpool passageways completely collapsed. The oppressive force over the void space persisted for another short area before it dissipated.

What? Sector Beast Beddy was stunned. I am now at a disadvantage? Sector Beast Beddy hesitated no more. Go!

Turning around, Beddy immediately took off and escaped with his speed skyrocketing as he moved. 100 times light speed, 1,000 times light speed

******

Sector Beast Beddy was maintaining its Sector Light Domain while executing its blood burning technique. Then it executed the move Reincarnation Passageway, which it had acquired upon breaking through to the fifth stage because it had managed to partially comprehend the move of destroying the origin. The moves it was using were the most powerful moves it could use in the range of not causing any great impact on its strength.

Indeed, it possessed the ability to execute a more formidable techniquethe most powerful technique, known as Destruction. It did not know why, but it was fully capable of executing it. Once executed, even a miniature universe could be easily annihilated. Yet, likewise, the price to be paid was hefty. A large amount of energy would be consumed upon execution. After all, it had just crossed over to the fifth stage and had yet to reach the top tier of the fifth stage! It was reluctant to execute this move yet.

Escape! said Beddy. I shall escape for now. When my power reaches the top tier of the fifth stage, or even the sixth-stage, I will kill him. That wont be too much longer, either. He has already become a true god. There is no way he can go any further. But I have more than enough room to go higher.

Beddy may have thought this way, but in its heart, there was a trace of fear. This was the very first time it had been forced to flee!

To date, no one had ever been able to force it to the point of having to escape, yet Luo Feng had brought it to this sorry state.

******

Stop.

Luo Feng executed Endless Golden Ocean and single thought void space. At the same time, he pointed afar, and a nine-story Star Tower flew over right away, emitting a dazzling light. Its base was composed of endless darkness, which shrouded Sector Beast Beddy in the distance.

Hong! Long!

An endless black whirlpool crazily devoured Sector Beast Beddy.

Its useless. Sector Beast Beddy executed its blood burning technique. The blood-colored secret engravings all over its body unleashed rays of light that enabled it to easily resist the Star Towers devouring.

Seems like it is not enough. Luo Feng shook his head and immediately brought back Star Tower. Go!

Luo Feng waved again, and a green, plant-structured treasure floated into view. Right away, millions of branches and vines spread out to fill the surroundings, rapidly obscuring an entire chunk of the world. Almost instantly, the faraway Sector Beast Beddy, who was attempting to escape, was enveloped by this treasure.

I dont believe you will be able to escape this, said Luo Feng. Luo Fengs eyes were filled with murderous intent. Thousand Strands of Vines is acting in concert with Endless Golden Ocean and a single thought void space. If you are still able to escape, then something must be seriously wrong.

With a single thought void space, Luo Feng was able to control time and space. Endless Golden Ocean fell under the category of domain=type treasures. And Thousand Strands of Vines was a spiritual weapon and was also a weapon that had the power to restrain. All three were automaton-type treasures! Among them, Thousand Strands of Vines and Pearl of Golden Ocean were commonly used by true gods of void space. These two wielded extremely strong powers. On the other hand, single thought void space was the weakest among the three.

When the three were superimposed Sector Beast Beddy was trapped.

Break open! Reincarnation Passageway!

Beddy, who was trapped within the passageway, could feel itself being surrounded by the ocean, with time and space suppressing it. Far in the distance, countless branches and leaves were densely tangled around it, containing it within a sealed world. It was now inside this sealed world, with its entire body radiating blood-colored halos, trying its best to execute its attacks. Countless strikes were thrown against the numerous branches and leaves, but the branches and leaves were too strong and sturdy. There was no way to break free from them.

Roar!

Sector Beast Beddy raised its head and let out an angry roar. Thick veins were forced around its two necks as both its eyes flashed crazy madness.

No escape at all. Luo Fengs abilities were more than enough to send it to its doom.

That was why he had to charge out now.

There was no other option. Only his most powerful moves were left.

You want to die? said Sector Beast Beddy. Then I shall grant you death!

Sector Beast Beddy roared. Immediately, it executed its most powerful technique: Destruction

Prev Chapter
 
 
Next Chapter
 Report chapter  4 Comments
Ko-fi donationsSupport us to read novels without ads
Freewebnovel.Com
Read Books Online & Free Novels OnlineContact - Sitemap
Privacy & Terms of use
