Read Novels Online Free
 NOVEL  Swallowed Star  Chapter 1465 - Hauling in the Net
Swallowed Star
Chapter 1465 - Hauling in the Net
Prev Chapter
 
 
 
Next Chapter

Chapter 1465: Hauling in the Net
Translator: Nyoi-Bo Studio Editor: Nyoi-Bo Studio

In their attempt to encircle and suppress Luo Feng, more and more Sector Beasts were stepping forth to join in the siege, and the number was getting so big that Morosa had started to tremble in fear. Master, the number has reached 7.9 million.

This is quite effective, said the godly powered avatar, revealing a smile. reeebnvel.com

Master, even when you are pitted against 18,000 Sector Beasts in a fight, you are able to defeat them and send them into a frenzy as they try to escape. In the end, no more than 1,000 managed to escape. Morosa was filled with admiration. You are impressive beyond measure! Those Sector Beasts must have been scared out of their wits, but the fear instilled in them will compel them to go after your life at all costs.

If they wanted to eliminate Luo Feng, their biggest threat, they had to annihilate his original body.

As for trying to destroy Luo Fengs miniature universe? Even if they truly managed to destroy his miniature universe, Luo Feng would still be alive and kicking. The only edge his enemy would have gained over him was that he would not be able to become a true god of void space with the loss of his miniature universe. On the contrary, the Sector Beasts would rather hope that this Milky Way Horde Leader could quickly become a true god of void space and proceed to trying to transcend reincarnation.

This region. The godly powered avatar pointed toward the huge model. Try your best to mark out all the troops here, then give me the numbers of Sector Beasts in these troops.

Yes, Master, Morosa responded right away.

Numerals were being indicated on every group of consolidated spots of light.

The nearest troop in our vicinity has a total of 12,000 Sector Beasts. The godly-powered avatar nodded lightly. Right away, Luo Fengs original body set off to where the troop was to annihilate the Sector Beasts.

A short while later

Master, many troops of Sector Beasts in your vicinity are rapidly retreating, and they were all scattering off in all directions as they escape. Morosa promptly informed him. Even if it is a troop composed of as many as ten to twenty thousand Sector Beasts, no one dares to fight against you anymore.

What a pity. I have only managed to finish off a few hundred Sector Beasts. The godly powered avatar shook its head. If these troops are all scattered when they escape, it will be difficult for me to pull off a large-scale massacre.

When the Sector Beasts congregated in one area, one strike by his blade would be equal to a few hundred Sector Beasts gone. How satisfying could that be?

But now, all those Sector Beasts were disbursing in every direction. It would be much more troublesome trying to kill them.

Now, all the Sector Beasts are gathered in the peripheral area of this region. Some troops have already reached 100,000.

Morosa was feeling nervous because of the growing numbers. It could clearly see that the model was densely covered with spots of light that had formed many circles that surrounded a particular region. And Luo Feng was in that region.

The number of Sector Beasts rushing toward the heart of that piece of land is still increasing! Morosa shouted in a shaky voice. It is almost 8 million now!

The godly powered avatar merely observed in silence.

Master, there are 8 million Sector Beasts there now! Morosas two singular eyes dilated and became round, as if ready to pop out of their sockets.

It did not know

In the face of this encirclement and suppression by a tremendous number of Sector Beasts, Morosa did not know how its Master intended to deal with them all. One against 10,000, Luo Feng had achieved! His combat power had definitely attained the pinnacle level of a true god of void space, but he was, after all, only a true god. While he might not have lost out to a true god of void space in terms of power achieved, he still had to rely on a series of supreme treasures like Wu Qi God, Shi Wu Wings, and Blood Ghost Blade to unleash that level of combat power.

However, this was almost approaching Luo Fengs ultimate limit!

100,000 Sector Beastshow could he deal with so many? And how about one million Sector Beasts? One concerted attack from a million Sector Beasts was not inferior to an attack from an eternal true god. No matter how formidable Luo Feng was, he was merely a true god. The combined abilities of eight million Sector Beasts would be comparable to an attack by a top-tier great being amongst all eternal true gods.

The origin is the energy an eternal true god manages to bring out by relying on the complete Chaotic Golden Wings, Luo Feng said. A part of it had the combat power at the level of the holy. Unfortunately, this combat power could only be used once. There will be nothing left after one use. However, it can draw the attention of eight million Sector Beasts. That is practically a miracle. It might be difficult to attract even more Sector Beasts, but I still have to try my best.

******

With Morosas guidance, Luo Feng managed to sneak attacks on the other smaller-scale troops, as well as the scattered, idle Sector Beasts. This was why there were Sector Beasts dying from time to time. This greatly angered the entire Sector Beast race, and that anger coerced more and more Sector Beasts into participating in the plan to besiege Luo Feng.

Regardless of how angry they were, their roundup plan did not show a trace of disorder. They were constantly gathering and building up their numbers. They were stationed in concentric circles surrounding the region where Luo Feng could be found. Even if they were met with sudden attacks, they maintained their positions.

Even if hundreds of thousands of Sector Beasts were to be sacrificed, for the sake of the entire race their deaths shall be worthwhile.

No one will be able to stop the birth of the final king.

The Sector Beasts were like a well-oiled machine. They were born to destroy. When there was no external threat, they would fight one another, but when a true threat came along, they would join forces, as though they all shared one big, common brain. There would not be any forms of internal conflict, and they would not fight one another. There would be incomparably precise coordination. Every single one of them would rather sacrifice itself than allow itself to be shaken by any external threat.

Even Luo Fengs heart palpitated at their level of ruthlessness.

Exactly what kind of life form has the Universe Ocean given birth to? Luo Feng shuddered. A being that represents destruction. Even in their breeding period, they are much too strong.

A great being had to not only wield strong powers but, more importantly, have a powerful soul. The ruthless nature of these Sector Beasts ensured that none would be the least bit shaken when a sacrifice had to be made. This fact alone subjected Luo Feng to an intangible pressure.

******

Luo Feng was trying his best to execute any methods possible to influence the Sector Beasts. He needed to shake them up.

One after another, the Sector Beasts were dying. Yet, on the whole, they were still not bothered at all. They continued to gather. There were already more than five million Sector Beasts who had successfully joined the troops stationed around Luo Feng.

Start advancing.

Start advancing.

Start advancing.

The various troops of Sector Beasts had all started to advance slowly. From the Land of Darkness, more than three million Sector Beasts were rushing over at their fastest possible speed.

If these Sector Beasts continued to take risks over and over again, Luo Feng would have the means to continue to kill them all over and over again. But these five million Sector Beasts that had gathered around him were pressing in on him from all directions, albeit very slowly.

With such open and dignified mannerisms, the Sector Beasts made Luo Feng feel strangely embarrassed. He did not know where to start. They were too stable. The Sector Beasts were displaying such aboveboard behavior that it felt like a form of joint intimidation imposed upon Luo Feng.

But what could Luo Feng possibly do? These five million Sector Beasts were divided into more than ten troops. Luo Feng did not dare to put his head through the noose. Yet, no matter how he hid himself, with the circle around him was continuously shrinking in size, closing in on him. Ultimately, he would not be able to escapeunless he made himself Invisible and Formless!

This time around, Luo Fengs true motive was not to escape but, rather, to execute his Great Extermination plan. He had already reached a juncture at which it would be impossible to hide If he did choose to hide, what would the Sector Beasts think? They would look around and wonder, What? We have done such a flawless job in our encirclement. How did Milky Way Horde Leader manage to disappear again? Such a scenario would reveal Luo Fengs greatest trump card.

******

Precise like a machine, without a trace of erroreverything had been taken into consideration by the Sector Beasts. They continued to close in on Luo Feng most menacingly, causing his area of activity to continuously shrink as well.

We have discovered Milky Way Horde Leader.

He is already trapped by us.

A troop of around 500,000 Sector Beasts had mightily surrounded Star Tower.

Within Star Tower, Luo Feng was shaking his head helplessly. Everything was proceeding as he had planned, but without being Invisible and Formless, he was, indeed, only left with the alternative of being entrapped. There was simply no escape for him.

Its nobodys fault, said Luo Feng. They are innately strong, with boundless potential, and their tremendous numbers are enough to bring a shock to anyone. When faced with threats, they stay united. No wonder this is regarded as a crisis that even the willpower of the origin is so scared of. Luo Feng shook his head.

Attack!

Attack!

500,000 Sector Beasts were keeping their distance away Luo Feng, but shortly after, they executed their attacks at the same time.

All at once, a powerful blow, formed by 500,000 Sector Beasts was transformed into a beam of light capable of annihilating everything. The beam bombarded Star Tower, and the impact sent Star Tower tumbling off at one million times light speed, howling as it flew off. Within the tower, all Luo Feng could feel, was some vibration, with some of his godly power being consumed.

Indeed, this is worthy of being a treasure used by the Godly King.

Luo Feng was safe within Star Tower. This was only 500,000 Sector Beasts. If there were really eight million, treasures like the Boat of Mausoleum would likely have been shattered and destroyed when attacked! However, Star Tower was different. Even attacks by the Godly King would not be able to do much harm to this tower.

Milky Way Horde Leader is hiding inside Star Tower.

Star Tower is impenetrable. It simply cannot be destroyed.

We have arrived, too.

Another mighty troop of Sector Beasts arrived, bringing the number of Sector Beasts surrounding Luo Feng to a total of nearly one million.

Time flew by. Troop after troop arrived to join the assembly of Sector Beasts. Every time a new troop arrived to join the assembly, the Sector Beasts would try to combine forces to launch an attack, and Star Tower would be tossed about like a ball at playtime. Again and again, Star Tower was bombarded and tossed far away, but regardless of how their numbers increasedfrom one million to two and three million, and eventually to five millionthe Sector Beasts were unable to do any harm to Star Tower.

The number of Sector Beasts that had gathered was slowly increasing, and there were Sector Beasts rushing over in great numbers from all around.

5.3 million, 5.6 million, 6 million

This is really a great number.

Inside Star Tower, Luo Feng looked at the outside world. The Sector Beasts had massive bodies, and with several million of them gathered in his surroundings, the entire void space was obscured. The area affected could almost have been regarded as endless.

No matter what, they are unable to break Star Tower with their attacks, Luo Feng said to himself. I think they are just waiting. Waiting for all the Sector Beasts to gather before they join forces to execute their strongest attack. This is the only way they are willing to put everything to an end. If that attack is still unable to harm Star Tower, they will probably opt to force Star Tower into some other dangerous land.

The core region of Tilted Peak Sector had many dangerous lands. For instance, dangerous lands like Three Extreme Abyss. The moment Star Tower fell in, it would not be able to come out.

The Sector Beasts would face some problems, though. For one thing, those dangerous lands were outside the Land of Darkness. If they intended to get Star Tower out of the Land of Darkness, that would require a very long time. Plus, those dangerous lands might not truly be able to trap Milky Way Horde Leader. Therefore, the Sector Beasts were not fully confident in this option. This was why they would not choose to attempt to throw Luo Feng into a dangerous land unless they were down to their last alternative.

******

Master, the number of Sector Beasts has already reached 7.6 million. Morosa was able to detect everything happening all the time, and its face was filled with worry. Previously, a total of more than 8.3 million Sector Beasts turned up. Soon, all of them will be here. Master, how exactly do you intend to escape this place?

Morosa was very flustered. If Luo Feng died, he would die too. Then he would not be able to become king.

7.6 million already? The godly powered avatar laughed. Soon, it will be time to haul in the net.

******

Regardless of how calm he usually was, Luo Feng, who was inside Star Tower, was finding it a little difficult to contain his surging emotions. Looking outside at the endless sea of Sector Beasts, he saw them looking over at his Star Tower, which was ten stories inside and out. They had surrounded and trapped him within the circles they formed. All of them wore fearsome and angry looks.

Eight million. Luo Feng whispered softly. 8.1 million. 8.2 million. Finally, Luo Fengs eyes glowed. His eyes glowed so brightly that they were frightening. All are gathered here!

All the Sector Beasts supposed to be involved in the roundup plan this time around had arrived. Soon, with concerted efforts, these Sector Beasts were going to launch one of the largest-scaled bombardment against Star Tower.

At this moment, Luo Fengs eyes flashed with an incomparably crazy look. He was waitingwaiting for those Sector Beasts to finish with their collective attack. Then, amidst the chaotic waves of impact, he would execute his origin.

My humans, said Luo Feng. The pulse of my Earth, my family, teacher All of these. Everything that is more precious than my life itself at stake in this one final fight!

With slightly bloodshot eyes, Luo Feng outspread his wings behind him. The origin was now infused into the Shi Wu Wings.

Prev Chapter
 
 
Next Chapter
 Report chapter  4 Comments
Ko-fi donationsSupport us to read novels without ads
Freewebnovel.Com
Read Books Online & Free Novels OnlineContact - Sitemap
Privacy & Terms of use
