Read Novels Online Free
 NOVEL  Swallowed Star  Chapter 1462 - The Invincible Luo Feng
Swallowed Star
Chapter 1462 - The Invincible Luo Feng
Prev Chapter
 
 
 
Next Chapter

Chapter 1462: The Invincible Luo Feng
Translator: Nyoi-Bo Studio Editor: Nyoi-Bo Studio

Luo Feng teleported about the vast void space in the Land of Darkness right away.

Morosa, mark all those who are likely to be third and fourth-stage Sector Beasts, especially those who are here to lay siege on me, ordered the godly powered avatar.

Since he was going to carry out a massacre, then undoubtedly, he had to try his best to get rid of some of the more powerful Sector Beasts. The greater the number of powerful Sector Beasts being annihilated, the stronger the trigger would be for the other Sector Beasts, thus throwing them into greater fear and rage.

Understood. Morosa was extremely cooperative because he also desired for his master to kill all the other Sector Beasts. Then Morosa would become the final king of them all.

As for the question of whether it would feel any pity, how was that even possible?

Its foundation was entirely different. It was now completely on Luo Fengs side. After being enslaved, it yearned for all the other beasts to die, and this feeling was mutual for the other Sector Beasts, who were also after its life most eagerly.

Master, the one nearest to you is Meng Ta! It should be at the third-stage pinnacle, but of course, there is the possibility of a fourth stage. Back then, I exchanged blows during several fights with it.

******

More and more Sector Beasts were rushing over to this vast region, and within a certain area surrounding this vast region, they were searching vigorously. But they did not know that among them, in one of the regions they were in, was a particular mountain where Luo Feng had previously hidden. Back then, all the Sector Beasts had been oblivious to his presence because he was using the method of being Invisible and Formless to stay out of sight.

Sector Beast Meng Ta was suspended in the void space as he surveyed the surroundings while sensing for ripples. Its hideous face was filled with rage. Where exactly is he? Where exactly is that loathsome Milky Way Horde Leader? Six million Sector Beasts are here for the purpose of looking for him to besiege him. He has no way of escape, thats for sure.

Sector Beast Meng Ta was just about to teleport away to continue its search when, suddenly, a wave appeared.

Shortly after, within the surroundings of a particular region, everything in space was immediately frozen. Sector Beast Meng Ta was unable to teleport even if it wanted to.

Huh?

At first glance, Sector Beast Meng Ta spotted an emerging figure from afar. Amid the endless dark void space, a dazzling, silver figure was walking over. On his back were five pairs of resplendent wings. He looked at Sector Beast Meng Ta and stretched out his right hand, where a miniature nine-story tower appeared out of nowhere. This miniature tower flew out of his palm right away. Above him, the Pearl of Golden Ocean also appeared.

Hong! Long!

Golden waves appeared in his surroundings within a range of one light year; Star Tower also remained suspended high in the sky, radiating bright rays. The base of Star Tower formed an endless black whirlpool that enshrouded Sector Beast Meng Ta.

Milky Way Horde Leader! roared Sector Beast Meng Ta, feeling a mixture of delight, shock, and anger.

It was delighted because it had finally found Milky Way Horde Leader. It was shocked and angry because it was being attacked by Milky Way Horde Leader. It was currently only a third-stage pinnacle Sector Beast, but it only needed to devour a few more Sector Beasts to cross over to the next level: the fourth stage. However, it was, nonetheless, still only at the third stage pinnacle level. It was a far cry from Beddy, who had been a fifth-stage Sector Beast. When confronting Milky Way Horde Leader, Meng Ta was like a little lamb encountering a prehistoric dinosaur. The two were on completely different levels.

Hong! Long!

The base of Star Tower formed a dark whirlpool that completely contained Sector Beast Horde Leader under bondage. Furthermore, with Golden Ocean domain in the surroundings exerted extra pressure on it. There was simply no way it could put up a struggle to break free and make its escape.

Milky Way Horde Leader, you are dead! So dead! Sector Beast Meng Ta was going crazy as he roared, Dont even think of enslaving me!

Hong!

With a loud roar, Sector Beast Meng Ta exploded right away.

Luo Feng observed the situation and shook his head. Every Sector Beasts pride was beyond measure; they would rather die than be enslaved. Previously, Morosa had also chosen death over slavery, but it had been suppressed by Luo Feng at the time, so it hadnt been unable to self-destruct. Hence, it had been enslaved. Of course, upon becoming a slave, its loyalty to Luo Feng came from deep within its soul. Such loyalty was heartfelt and absolute, so naturally, Morosa would always take Luo Fengs side.

Now that every Sector Beast knows where I am said Luo Feng. His eyes flashed with a trace of anticipation, but just as quickly as the look had appeared, it disappeared in a flash.

******

Meng Ta has discovered Milky Way Horde Leader.

Milky Way Horde Leader has appeared in Meng Tas area!

Discovered Milky Way Horde Leader?

Meng Ta is dead.

The other Sector Beasts, who were madly searching for Milky Way Horde Leader, were all extremely agitated. Although they had received news that Meng Ta had been annihilated, they were not the least bit shocked to learn of it. Rather, what they felt was closer to anger and hatred. After all, even fifth-stage Beddy had met its doom at the hands of Luo Feng. For another Sector Beast to be annihilated by Luo Feng was unsurprising.

Now, in the heart of every Sector Beast, Milky Way Horde Leader was a lofty wall that posed a hindrance to their path. Any lone Sector Beast that collided with this wall would have its body smashed into pieces and its bones shattered. The ultimate outcome would always be death. Their only hope was to rely on a large number of Sector Beasts to besiege Luo Feng all at once.

Milky Way Horde Leaders whereabouts have been confirmed.

All Sector Beasts must act in concertat least a few thousand acting together. Any Sector Beast acting alone, or even small groups of Sector Beasts acting together, will not stand a chance against Milky Way Horde Leader when their paths cross. It must be an extremely large number of us acting as one.

Unite.

Unite.

When these Sector Beasts truly wanted to deal with this massive threat, which took the form of a human Milky Way Horde Leader, their level of discipline far surpassed any other soldiers.

Previously, in their search for Luo Feng, they had all scattered. Now, they realized that Luo Feng was in their vicinity (Meng Ta was one of their members, so for Luo Feng to kill Meng Ta, he had to be within their vicinity). And if they were all going to stick to their own area, then naturally, everyone could draw back and concentrate their forces so that Milky Way Horde Leader did not have even the smallest chance of escape.

Rapidly, they drew back their forces from all over! These Sector Beasts no longer searched at random. In a frenzy, they were heading toward the place where Meng Ta had been annihilated. This time, it was not like how Beddy had been annihilated. When Beddy had met his doom, all these Sector Beasts had been scattered all over, but now, they were relatively more concentrated.

Gather.

Gather.

As they teleported, the Sector Beasts were also very mindful as they sensed their brothers positions and movement ripples. Naturally, they got nearer and nearer to one another. Two Sector Beasts were rapidly acting in concert, and soon, two became three, and three became six These Sector Beasts were teleporting as the crowd grew more densely packed. They were gathering like crazy. With the first teleportation, there were 50 in the pack acting together; after the next two teleportations, 50 increased to more than 100. The next few teleportations easily brought the number of Sector Beasts over 500. Very soon, the number reached 1,000.

******

After killing Sector Beast Meng Ta, Luo Feng immediately teleported to the nearest void space, where there was a gushing river. Without further ado, he transformed into river water and drifted along in the direction of the flow.

Master, the Sector Beasts were starting to form groups that are constantly emerging. Now, the largest troop already has more than 100 Sector Beasts. Oh, now there are more than 300 of them Morosa was sensing the ripples as he rapidly transmitted the news to Luo Feng. The largest troop now has almost 5,000 Sector Beasts acting in unison.

In the area surrounding this river Im coursing along with, said the godly powered avatar, which is the biggest troop?

Right here. Morosa guided Luo Feng to a small region that instantly lit up and expanded on the map. This troop has now reached a total of close to 2,000 Sector Beasts. It is the largest troop within the region near this river. There are three other troops with numbers around 800, 1,200, and 1,000, respectively.

******

Within the gushing river, a ball of river water suddenly flew out and condensed into a human form. Silver-armored Luo Feng, with his five pairs of wings spread out behind him, whispered, I shall teach you all the meaning of fear. True fear. Then, the more fearful you all get, the more you all will cast aside all inhibitions to come after me.

Whizz!

Without delay, Luo Feng teleported toward the troop with close to 2,000 Sector Beasts.

It was said that 10,000 people constituted a sea of people. Close to 2,000 massive Sector Beasts gathered together, when seen from afar, would have appeared so densely crowded that the evil aura they exuded would have been enough to instill fear in the true gods of Universe Ocean.

Ripples.

Close to 2,000 Sector Beasts could all feel the ripples.

Hua!

The surrounding space instantly froze.

Dear all, said a silver-armored man who appeared amidst the void space. Behind him, resplendent wings were outspread.

Milky Way Horde Leader! Close to 2,000 Sector Beasts were greatly shocked.

Kill him!

Kill Milky Way Horde Leader!

Of the nearly 2,000 Sector Beasts, none hesitated. Every Sector Beast was executing its own attacks in the craziest manner. At that moment, every single one was blazing its body with blood light. Apparently, they were all executing their blood burning techniques as they threw punches in Luo Fengs direction, bombarding him with their attacks. Countless dazzling black lights shrouded the surroundings, and, of course, Luo Feng was also enveloped within their influence.

Shua!

With a single step, Luo Feng entered Star Tower, which appeared out of nowhere.

Peng!

The attacks from nearly 2,000 Sector Beasts were so forceful that Star Tower was thrown backward upon impact. Inside it, Luo Feng nodded slightly.

2,000 Sector Beasts joining forces, said Luo Feng. The might of their power is comparable to the power of a fifth-stage Sector Beast executing Destruction. The only difference is that a fifth-stage Sector Beast is limited to being able to execute Destruction only up to a few times, while 2,000 Sector Beasts, through combined efforts, could execute the same powerful attack up to 100 times without breaking a sweat.

It was said that normally, 33 Sector Beasts would be required for the birth of a higher-stage Sector Beast. However, if actual combat occurred, the combined attacks of seven to eight second-stage pinnacle stage beasts would be comparable to a third-stage pinnacle Sector Beast. Apparently, the process of devouring other Sector Beasts for the sake of evolution would cost a great consumption of energy. ,.,.

Hiding within Star Tower?

Close to 2,000 Sector Beasts were looking at Star Tower, feeling frustrated. By now, every Sector Beast had heard some information about Milky Way Horde Leader and knew that he had a few very impressive treasures.

Now, he is hiding. But he cannot hide forever. The number of Sector Beasts will only continue to increase. 10,000, 100,000, one million By then, if all of us join forces and launch a single attack, Star Tower will shatter. Even if it does not shatter, Luo Feng, who is hiding inside, will die from the impact of that forceful vibration.

The Sector Beasts did not continue to attack. Instead, they kept Star Tower surrounded by using their great numbers as they waited for the other Sector Beasts to join them.

Milky Way Horde Leader is here.

Milky Way Horde Leader is here.

The news spread. However, at the same time, as they were moving to surround Star Tower

Buzz!

In the surrounding of an area of a few light years, a mighty miniature universe appeared out of nowhere. This miniature universe was filled with chaotic airflow. It was not considered very large, but its might was certainly not reduced by its size. The might of a miniature universe was determined by its origin, and the origin of this miniature universecreated using the method, establish a universe with a single thoughtwas Luo Feng himself.

More accurately, it was Luo Fengs Shi Wu Wings!

Hua!

Endless golden waves instantly appeared within the entire miniature universe.

Luo Feng looked into the distance and could easily detect the location of any Sector Beast.

Kill!

This was the single thought in Luo Fengs mind.

Hua!

The combination of the power of the origin of a miniature universe and the power of Golden Ocean had been able to suppress even the fifth-stage Beddy, not to mention these second-stage Sector Beasts. The mix of strength instantly dealt a crushing attack against 500 of the over 2,000 Sector Beasts. All at once, 500 gigantic palms emerged out of nowhere. Each palm violently grabbed hold of a Sector Beast. 500 gigantic palms, each with a mixture of power from the golden waves and the power of the origin, appeared and were instantly grabbing Sector Beasts.

Pu! Pu! Pu! Pu! Pu! Pu!

500 Sector Beasts were instantly crushed and shattered. Even the sectors within their bodies were shattered. Thus, the only possible outcome for them was death!

When unequivocal eternal true gods like Harmonious Snow executed their miniature universes with just a thought, they could kill tens of thousands of true gods effortlessly. While Luo Feng was still a far cry from them, to kill 500 second-stage pinnacle level Sector Beasts was still a breeze for him.

Come again.

500 gigantic palms appeared once again. Without delay, they caught hold of another 500 Sector Beasts. Over 1,000 Sector Beasts in the troop who were still alive but were instantly fearful.

A sudden grip!

Hua!

All were annihilated.

No!

How is that possible?

Their combined attacks were deadly, but alone, their defense was weak. This was the weakness of a group attack. It was also why the ancient civilization had put together a set of treasures like Pu Luo Universe. With tens of thousands of true gods within this Pu Luo Universe, their attacks would be strong. Undoubtedly, so would their combined defense.

These Sector Beasts did not possess any treasures. They were weak on their own. Thus, it was natures course that such a large-scale massacre was possible.

Peng! Peng! Peng! Peng!

500 gigantic palms appeared four times in succession, and close to 2,000 Sector Beasts were all annihilated. Not a single one was left!

Prev Chapter
 
 
Next Chapter
 Report chapter  4 Comments
Ko-fi donationsSupport us to read novels without ads
Freewebnovel.Com
Read Books Online & Free Novels OnlineContact - Sitemap
Privacy & Terms of use
