Read Novels Online Free
 NOVEL  Swallowed Star  Chapter 1471 - Force Luo Feng
Swallowed Star
Chapter 1471 - Force Luo Feng
Prev Chapter
 
 
 
Next Chapter

Chapter 1471: Force Luo Feng
Translator: Nyoi-Bo Studio Editor: Nyoi-Bo Studio

Luo Feng and Primal Chaos City Leader left the ancestral god palace and went to the primal universe.

On a piece of land in the primal universe, Luo Feng and Primal Chaos City Leader showed up and stood shoulder to shoulder. A being was condensed in the mist in the distance, and a white-caped man walked toward him.

Teacher! Primal Chaos City Leaders body shook. He took a few steps, then shed a few tears.

The white-caped Teacher Origin walked toward Primal Chaos City Leader and looked at him, My child! You look totally different now. Seeing you in the virtual universe is different from seeing you in reality

Primal Chaos City Leader couldnt help crying. Teacher Origin was the person closest to him in this world, and he had been guiding him this whole time.

Teacher. The voice of Primal Chaos City Leader was trembling.

Okay. Teacher Origin nodded. I didnt realize that the original mind would lift the suppression on my willpower. I need to thank Luo Feng for that!

Teacher Origin. Luo Fen also bowed.

Teacher Origin had been the leader of the human race in the earliest era. Without him, the human race might not have even become a pinnacle race. Without him, there wouldnt have been Primal Chaos City Leader or Huge Axe. And Luo Feng might have walked a different path and wouldnt have achieved his various accomplishments.

He had made such significant contributions that he was qualified to be called the ancestor of the humans.

I have my willpower to guard my miniature universe. Even if its eaten by the Sector Beasts, it can still last for a while. Teacher Origin smiled. My willpower is much stronger than that of other true gods.

Luo Feng nodded. The stronger someones willpower was, the harder it would be for Sector Beasts to eat the miniature universe. Teacher Origin was certainly at the level of a true god of void space in terms of comprehension and conception! He was being suppressed, which was why he hadnt made a breakthrough. His willpower had been suppressed by the original mind for a long time! That suppression was also a great way to sharpen willpower. The willpower of Teacher Origin was terrifically powerful, and could certainly rival Luo Feng, who had met with great opportunities.

Go! said Teacher Origin. The Sector Beasts are coming. Dont let me distract you. The most important thing is to deal with the Sector Beasts.

Okay. Primal Chaos City Leader nodded.

Luo Feng also nodded.

Luo Feng did admire Teacher Origin. After all, he hadnt had the benefit of the ancient civilization before, yet he had still been able to create a technique like virtual universe. Besides, Teacher Origin appeared gentle and elegant. They had no idea what he had done to break the supreme laws.

******

More and more great beings gathered in Milky Way Holy Land. Before, only representatives of the races had been there, but now, almost all the great beings were gathered here.

Many original bodies of true gods had gathered here, and they also had godly power avatars to be connected to the virtual universe!

In the floating godly palace in the virtual universe, Luo Feng and Primal Chaos City Leader sat up top, while other true gods were sitting around.

Everyone. Luo Feng looked around. The miniature universes of the second universe era have been annihilated. Its vital to know about the Sector Beasts. I have a method to know exactly where all the Sector Beasts are. Ill give you all the locations of the Sector Beasts now.

Everyone was exhilarated. They were all guarding their own miniature universes, so it was better for them to know the whereabouts of the Sector Beasts.

Just look. Luo Feng pointed at the space in front of him. Suddenly, a giant picture with a diameter of one million kilometers showed up. There were signs of miniature universes in the picture. This is a picture of Universe Ocean. Both holy lands and all the miniature universes are marked on the picture, and there are also other reference points.

All the true gods looked at that picture.

This is the location of the Sector Beasts, said Luo Feng.

Tightly grouped spots of light appeared on the picture. There were so many spots that the true gods grew worried.

900,000? It sounded self-explanatory, but when all 900,000 spots appeared, they were so dense that even the true gods felt anxious.

Please, look, said Luo Feng. 900,000 Sector Beasts in total, and the half at the periphery havent even acted yet. About 10,000 Sector Beasts are gathered around three miniature universes, and theyre consuming them. The other half are approaching the original universe.

Everything looked so clear on the picture. There were around 450,000 light spots, and they were all flying toward the original universe. Seeing those 450,000 spots of light flying toward them terrified everyone.

How are we supposed to resist them?

How are we supposed to resist so many Sector Beasts?

We only have less than 100 true gods. If several thousand Sector Beasts swallow one miniature universe, we can only stop a few dozen of them. What should we do?

Everyone panicked. They had been worried about it for a long time.

This is a catastrophe! shouted Nine Remoteness True Master. Well be lucky to even get through this alive! To resist them? Even if our miniature universes are all swallowed, what can be worse than that? We can still stay alive without our miniature universes! As long as we can kill all the Sector Beasts in this era, there ought to be new true gods born on our side.

It had only been one trillion eras since Luo Feng had risen to power. There were still several trillion eras until this universe era ended, and many talents who were cultivated in the past trillion eras had become universe masters. If there was enough time, they could certainly become true gods.

Several trillion eras It would be easy for the original universe to breed another 100 true gods.

As long as we annihilate the Sector Beasts, said Nine Remoteness True Master pointedly, there will be new true gods born! Even all our miniature universes are destroyed, we can still live in the new miniature universes. If a true god can successfully transcend incarnations, his race will live forever.

We have to get past this.

Thats right! yelled many true gods.

However, many true gods were still worried. Major powers like the human race and the Ancestral God School could breed new true gods in the next several trillion eras. As for some of the smaller raceslike the other races in the Hong Alliance or some races in the remote territoriesa single true god being born was already lucky for them. Besides, not every true god was willing to see his miniature universe broken. Once a miniature universe was destroyed, that true god could never break through in the future.

Milky Way, Teacher Origin! The true gods of the human race wanted nothing but to protect the miniature universes of Teacher Origin and Luo Feng. After all, both Luo Feng and Teacher Origin were guaranteed to become true gods of void space and to transcend incarnations!

******

Thoughts flooded their minds, but those races didnt have any other recourse. They could only do their best.

Luo Feng had one thought as well: No matter what, lets survive this catastrophe first! Luo Feng had already prepared for his miniature universe to be broken. Although he was reluctant for this to happen, he was mentally prepared for it.

Huh? Luo Feng looked down.

Many true gods were sitting down there, and in a corner sat Sitting Mountain Guest.

Teacher? Luo Feng took a look, and Sitting Mountain Guest nodded mildly at him.

Teachers also here. Luo Feng sighed. Sitting Mountain Guest had never attended the meetings of the true gods before. However, this was related to all the races in the original universe now, so even Sitting Mountain Guest had come this time. His own miniature universe was threatened as well.

******

Time flew. Curse-filled messages were sent from the communications tokens of true gods from the first universe era and the second universe era. Those who managed to survive hid in Universe Ocean. As for their miniature universes, their races, and their friends, they were all annihilated.

Presently, the Sector Beast race was divided into two teams. Both teams had more than 450,000 Sector Beasts!

Master. Morosa pointed at the model of Universe Ocean. The Sector Beasts are divided into two teams. The first team of the 450,000 is at the periphery. They were originally in the region where the miniature universes from the first universe era are. Theyre scattered far apart from each other.

Luo Feng looked at the model. More than 450,000 spots of light were gathered in that area. It looked quite dense, but actually, each light spot was over ten million light years away from the next one.

The other team is approaching this area, Morosa said, pointing. Look. The second team of 450,000 Sector Beasts is not flying toward the miniature universes of the original universe, but are proceeding toward your miniature universe.

Luo Feng looked at it carefully.

The original universe was enormous, so the miniature universes of true gods from the original universe were also scattered in different areas of the original universe. If they wanted to attack all the miniature universes, those Sector Beasts would be separated into dozens of teams, yet they now still gathered together.

The dense spots of light all marched toward the miniature universe of Luo Feng. Although they all gathered together, each of the Sector Beasts was still more than ten million light years away from its nearest comrade.

Huh? Luo Feng frowned. What does that mean?

Those 450,000 Sector Beasts will arrive at Masters miniature universe very soon, said Morosa.

Time flew by. After only a short while, 450,000 Sector Beasts all converged on the miniature universe of Luo Feng from every direction.

They want to swallow my miniature universe? Luo Feng frowned.

He had Star Tower in his hands, which was a godly king level valuable. The godly body that seemed to belong to Godly King of Jin was over 100 million light years long, so it was possible that such a godly king level valuable could become billions of light years tall, or even taller. However, the larger Star Tower was, the more godly power it required.

If they leave me no choice, Ill just cover my miniature universe with Star Tower and slaughter all those Sector Beasts, Luo Feng thought.

However, Luo Feng couldnt be too far away if he wanted to control Star Tower at that size.

Master! Morosa was shocked as it said, Master! The first team, the first team!

Huh? Luo Feng took a look.

450,000 Sector Beasts at the first universe era area started to team up and drew closer.

Master! Moros was stunned. The second team of 450,000 Sector Beasts is already close to your miniature universe, and itll only take a minute for them to arrive and start swallowing. As for the Sector Beasts from the first team, theyre teaming up and fighting each other. 100,000 Sector Beasts have already been killed!

Luo Feng was terrified. He understood now that if those 450,000 Sector Beasts kept fighting and eating each other, a level-six Sector Beast would soon be born.

Should Luo Feng go and stop them? If he went, the 450,000 Sector Beasts would swallow his miniature universe! If he didnt go, a level-six Sector Beast would be born.

The death of his miniature universe or the birth of a level-six Sector Beastone of these two would happen. They were forcing Luo Feng to choose.

Prev Chapter
 
 
Next Chapter
 Report chapter  4 Comments
Ko-fi donationsSupport us to read novels without ads
Freewebnovel.Com
Read Books Online & Free Novels OnlineContact - Sitemap
Privacy & Terms of use
