Read Novels Online Free
 NOVEL  Swallowed Star  Chapter 1467 - Catastrophe
Swallowed Star
Chapter 1467 - Catastrophe
Prev Chapter
 
 
 
Next Chapter

Chapter 1467: Catastrophe
Translator: Nyoi-Bo Studio Editor: Nyoi-Bo Studio

The 450,000 Sector Beasts were scattered, teleporting and moving forward from the main mountain of Tiled Peak Sector. Luo Feng knew that he couldnt stop them now. No matter how powerful he was, he didnt have ten million bodies, and the best he could do was kill one or two Sector Beasts. As for the other Sector Beasts, they could certainly make their way into the vast Universe Ocean.

Kill! Luo Fengs eyes gleamed.

Although he couldnt stop them, he would still try to kill as many as possible!

Shua! Shua! Shua!

Luo Feng kept teleporting, moving closer to one of the Sector Beasts. A blurry miniature universe was formed, and a giant palm was formed by chaos air, crushing the poor level-two Sector Beast. After a short while

Ai!

Luo Feng stood at the top of Tilted Peak Sector, looked around the region. He shook his head. I cant stop them.

The first 450,000 Sector Beasts rushed out, and so did the second batch of Sector Beasts. Luo Feng tried everything he could, but he was only able to kill five Sector Beasts. Compared to the 900,000 Sector Beasts, it was nothing.

All 900,000 Sector Beasts have rushed out of Tilted Peak Sector and entered Universe Ocean. Luo Feng looked solemn. Its going to be a huge problem now. They really stuck together and all rushed out. Ill have to see what I can do about it.

Luo Feng shook his head and started to teleport, hurrying back to the original universe.

******

Luo Feng didnt have enough options. He had known that there was a chance the remaining Sector Beasts would rush out after his mission. But he didnt have a choice! If he hadnt slaughtered all those Sector Beasts but let all of them fight each other, it would have only taken a short while before a Sector Beast at level six was born.

Beddy had been at level five. Level-six Sector Beasts had ten million bodies, and it was very difficult to kill them. That would be a real catastrophe!

He had to act in advance. He had killed more than eight million Sector Beasts all at once, and that had been the best-case scenario, although this best-case scenario was still a disaster to all the races in Universe Ocean.

This was indeed a disaster he had never encountered before. Yet now, there was still a chance they could survive this. With Luo Fengs power, he was able to fight 10,000 Sector Beasts by himself. As for the Sector Beasts, there werent even any level-five Sector Beasts. It was likely that they could survive that catastrophe.

******

Luo Feng was teleporting, and he teleported faster than Beddy at level five! While all the Sector Beasts were scattered and rushing toward the races of Universe Ocean, Luo Feng was rushing back, as well. He knew that he couldnt stop all 900,000 Sector Beasts, so he held a meeting with all the races in the virtual universe.

On the floating godly palace, true gods sat down, while Primal Chaos City Leader and Luo Feng sat at the top. Below sat many true gods. All the true gods from all the powers in the original universe had gathered here, such as the demon race and the bug race. Clearly, the only chance they could survive this was to side with the humans.

Everyone. Golden-caped Chaos and white-caped Luo Feng sat up top. The white-caped Luo Feng looked down. Ive been to the Land of Darkness by myself.

Everyone was stunned.

The hive of the Sector Beasts?

How did it go, Milky Way Horde Leader?

Everyone was worried. Nine Remoteness True Master, Space Beast Ancestor, and the others were all looking at him. As for the other true gods, they were quite worried.

The white-caped Luo Feng said, Its a good news, bad news situation. The good news is, the number of Sector Beasts in the hive is decreasing. When I entered the hive, there were over nine million Sector Beasts, and even the weakest one was as powerful as the Sector Beast that attacked us in Universe Ocean.

What Luo Feng had just said terrified and shocked all the true gods below. Even Luo Feng was intimidated, not to mention them.

However, the ways of the universe are fair, said Luo Feng. We have a chance to survive. Fortunately, I obtained a valuable that could only be used once! I attracted more than eight million Sector Beasts to surround me, and I killed all eight million at once.

What?

More than eight million Sector Beasts at once?

What kind of valuable was that?

All the true gods were shocked. Luo Feng, however, was indifferent. He didnt care what those true gods thoughtshocked, suspicious, craving that valuable, or speculating whether Luo Feng was able to use that valuable again. In all of Universe Ocean, Luo Feng was definitely the top great being! And he was much more powerful than everyone else. The human race was also definitely the top race!

The bad news is, said Luo Feng, 900,000 Sector Beasts survived in the Land of Darkness, and all of them have left the Land of Darkness. They were approaching Universe Ocean I myself am not powerful enough to stop all 900,000 from leaving. I think in at least one day, there will be Sector Beasts arriving at the miniature universes from the first universe era.

A day?

900,000 Sector Beasts in Universe Ocean?

Well

All the races were flabbergasted. It was a complete nightmare. All the races in Universe Ocean were panic-stricken from only one Sector Beast, and now there were 900,000 of them?

The first universe era is doomed, and so is the second universe era.

All the true gods now realized the truth. They were from the original universe, so they could use the original universe and the universe portals of their respective miniature universes to help them all. However, those from the first and the second universe era were left helpless.

Even the original universe was terrified by the prospect of facing 900,000 Sector Beasts. What were they supposed to do?

Everyone, said Luo Feng. Ive already given you the news. Go prepare yourself. Ill also spread the news to the first universe era and the second universe era. They should at least know about it in advance.

******

The news spread immediately.

It was not just Luo Feng; the other true gods from the original universe also spread the news. The first universe era, the second universe era, Purple Moon Holy Land, and Eastern Emperor Holy Land all received the news.

This

All five true masters of the Divine Eye clan gathered. They looked at each other, wanting to say something, but they didnt know where to start.

Were doomed.

Were doomed.

900,000 Sector Beasts. Just one Sector Beast is able to swallow miniature universes in a short time. If there is a large group of Sector Beasts, our miniature universes will be annihilated instantly, which means everyone living in our miniature universes will be killed as well.

All five true masters were heartbroken. They would have rather died than let their entire race go extinct. However, there was nothing they could do about it now.

You four! Divine Eye True Master yelled. Leave your miniature universes now and get as far away as possible so those Sector Beasts cant find you. Then you four can survive. As for me, Ill try to approach the Sector Beasts to see if theyre willing to accept me. If they are, theres a chance our Divine Eye clan can survive.

Divine Eye, Ill do that. You four can leave.

Teacher!

The five true gods started to argue. No matter what, the true gods who ran away would be able to survive, but those who chose to stay might actually die! Even if they could succeed, the individuals would have a tragic destiny. The original mind had already sent a message through the Ancestral God School, stating that turning to the side of the Sector Beasts was a pathetic thing to do.

Im one of the eight great overlords in Universe Ocean, so Im of the greatest use! yelled Divine Eye True Master. This is my final decision.

The other four true gods looked at each other in pain.

Yes.

After only several minutes, the other four true masters left their miniature universes and started to flee.

******

Inside Purple Moon Holy Land, Purple Moon Ancestor was stunned by the news.

9 900,000 Sector Beasts? He was walking in the palace by himself. As for the other great beings, he had already told them to leave. What should I do? If hundreds of thousands of Sector Beasts consume my miniature universe at the same time, I wont be able to resist for long.

Purple Moon Ancestor couldnt have been more anxious.

If my miniature universe is destroyed, I wont have any chance anymore. All my hope will be lost. As for my race, theyll be gone forever. Why is Milky Way Horde Leader so useless?

******

The first universe era, the second universe era, and the two holy lands received the news.

The first universe era and the second universe era had lost all hope, as it was difficult for them even to help each other, so there was no way they could resist 900,000 Sector Beasts all at once! As for the two holy lands, they were relatively large, and they were much more resistant, so it would take a long time. When it came to the miniature universes of true gods, they could be easily finished in a short time.

Fortunately Fortunately, Ive chosen to side with the Sector Beasts. Nine-Headed Demon Master sat on the throne, feeling relieved. Although I am now only a slave of the Sector Beasts and have lost my freedom, my fate in the future could be worse. But at least it will be better than theirs. Theyll soon die, but my race can live much longer. In the future, I can even try to transcend incarnations. If I can transcend incarnations, there might be a miracle so that I can escape from beneath the control of Sector Beasts.

Nine-Headed Demon Master was looking forward to it.

******

In the space outside the miniature universe of Nine-Headed Demon Master

Shua!

A winged, silver-armored man appeared. It was Luo Feng, who was rushing back from Tilted Peak Sector as quickly as possible. He had taken a detour and passed by the miniature universe of Nine-Headed Demon Master.

Luo Feng looked at the miniature universe in the distance and smiled coldly. Sector Beasts need to ask their slaves questions face to face.

Only Sector Beasts could communicate via their hearts; their slaves couldnt do that. Morosa had to meet Nine-Headed Demon Master, Dragon Rock Ancestral God, and Zhen Jia Emperor directly anytime it needed to ask them questions.

I wont give you any chance to leak any information. Luo Feng knew that Nine-Headed Demon Master would be staying in his miniature universe, waiting for the Sector Beasts.

Die.

Blood Shadow Blade showed up in his hand.

Destruction, when performed by a level-five Sector Beast, was strong enough to destroy a miniature universe, and Luo Fengs supreme blade techniques were already just as powerful as Destruction.

Prev Chapter
 
 
Next Chapter
 Report chapter  4 Comments
Ko-fi donationsSupport us to read novels without ads
Freewebnovel.Com
Read Books Online & Free Novels OnlineContact - Sitemap
Privacy & Terms of use
