Read Novels Online Free
 NOVEL  Swallowed Star  Chapter 1457 - Pearl of the Golden Ocean
Swallowed Star
Chapter 1457 - Pearl of the Golden Ocean
Prev Chapter
 
 
 
Next Chapter

Chapter 1457: Pearl of the Golden Ocean
Translator: Nyoi-Bo Studio Editor: Nyoi-Bo Studio

As he approached, Luo Feng transformed from the rock back into a human from in silver armor. There were five shining wings on his back. Luo Fengs eyes looked indifferent at this moment, as nobody could sway his determination to kill Beddy!

Sector Beast Beddy was the strongest Sector Beast. If Luo Feng killed Beddy, it would take much longer for a level-six Sector Beast to be born, which would give the races in Universe Ocean a grace period.

I have to kill Beddy! Luo Feng only had one goal in his mind: to kill Beddy!

Shua! Shua! Shua!

After teleporting over 100 times, he finally felt a faint teleportation ripple.

Its right there!

Luo Feng teleported and rushed toward the ripple. He then condensed the space so that nobody could teleport and run away.

******

Beddy had just entered level five and was daring and energetic. He was just about to deal with Sector Beasts at level four. He even tried to limit himself to teleporting only as far he had been able to teleport while at level four.

Suddenly, Beddy felt an approaching ripple. Then the space around it condensed.

Huh?

The source of that ripple couldnt even sense the presence of Sector Beasts, which meant it wasnt a Sector Beast that was coming toward him. Apparently, it was a creature from the races of Universe Ocean.

A great being from Universe Ocean had been able to penetrate the core area of Land of Darkness without being noticed? And it was rushing directly at Beddy?

Could it be a coincidence? There were almost ten million Sector Beasts in the Land of Darkness, and they were able to camouflage themselves. If they didnt want other Sector Beasts to find them, it was almost impossible for them to run into Beddy.

It must be Milky Way Horde Leader, Luo Feng, said Sector Beast Beddy. Only him. He enslaved Morosa, and thats how he knows where all the Sector Beasts are in Land of Darkness. Beddy suddenly had many thoughts racing through his mind. Who is it?

Sector Beast Beddy knew he wouldnt be able to teleport now. He was enraged. He wasnt in a rush but looked toward the ripples with both his heads.

In the distance, a silver-armored human being stood in space. Five pairs of silver wings were open on his back, and he was staring at Sector Beast Beddy with the eyes of a wolf staring at a sheep!

Are you the number one great being from Universe Ocean, Milky Way Horde Leader Luo Feng? Sector Beast Beddy asked indifferently.

Beddy was absolutely confident now that it had entered level five. He had felt part of the destruction of the origin. His power had surged, and he was just pretending to be at level four by teleporting shorter distances.

Level five was almost the pinnacle power in the evolution system of Sector Beasts. Compared to level-six Sector Beasts, level five didnt have 10,000 bodies and couldnt pull off a long fight. But other than that, they didnt have many disadvantages.

Luo Feng opened his mouth. Beddy?

You know me? Both the singular eyes of Sector Beast Beddy glinted with a dim light. It seems that Morosa told you about me, and you managed to sneak into the Land of Darkness without being noticed by any other Sector Beasts. Youre indeed impressive Even I didnt notice you. Now, you show yourself. It seems you came here to target me.

Thats right. Luo Feng nodded.

The conversation sounded tepid. However, Luo Feng was constantly observing Sector Beast Beddy.

Wasnt Beddy scared at all? Its calmness sharpened Luo Fengs vigilance. Morosa had already given every Sector Beast a message before it was enslaved, and apparently, level-four Sector Beasts werent Luo Fengs match. Facing an enemy that it couldnt rival, it should have either panicked or attacked.

However, Beddy was oddly calm.

I had meant to kill you in the future, but now that youre here, I will Sector Beast Beddys eyes gleamed madly.

Its me whos going to kill you! Luo Feng yelled.

Hong!

The five pairs of wings on Luo Fengs back suddenly bulged, and at the same time, godly power that was utilized in its entirety was infused into his Shi Wu Wings. He kept performing the first three volumes of Duan Mie. Even in the World of Jin, burning three levels at the true god level was the limit. Luo Feng immediately triggered the third level of engravings of his Shi Wu Wings with his godly power.

All of a sudden, an area of several square light years was covered by vast clouds. It was single thought void space!

A strong binding power immediately assaulted Beddy. It only made Beddy laugh.

Haha! Did you use this move to reduce Morosa to using Sector Light Passageway? Hmm Its enough to deal with level-three Sector Beasts. However, its nothing but a joke to me!

Weng!

Blurry light permeated and relentlessly eroded the area of the single thought void space. The light was stronger; it kept growing, forcing the single thought void space to retreat.

Huh? Luo Feng was stunned. How can the Sector Light Domain be so powerful? The Sector Light Domain of a level-four Sector Beast should be at the same level as my single thought void space. Has Sector Beast Beddy really reached level five?

Although it was the same move, Sector Light Domain was different when it was performed by level-five Sector Beasts as opposed to level-four Sector Beasts. The power of the technique depended on the sector within the Sector Beast, and apparently, level-five Sector Beasts were superior.

No wonder Its Beddy. Its entered level five. Luo Fengs voice sounded cold, but it was spread several light years away.

Haha! No wonder youre the first great being in Universe Ocean. You concluded that Ive entered level five so quickly. Sector Beast Beddy guffawed cruelly. Luo Feng knew from Morosa that Beddy was ruthless and had a heart of stone. Ive indeed entered level five, but youre here now. Youre being suicidal! This space and time skill of yours cant compare with my Sector Light Domain. This time

But Sector Beast Beddy was suddenly stunned when a radiant pearl flew out of Luo Fengs palms, giving out golden light.

The golden pearl flew above Luo Fengs head, and burning godly power kept being infused into it. The golden pearl transformed into vast and mighty golden waves.

Hua! Hua! Hua!

Golden waves suddenly showed up in the area where Luo Feng and Beddy were. The golden waves and single thought void space empowered one another, and the power surged. They immediately suppressed Beddys Sector Light Domain, forcing it to back off.

That golden pearl was called the Pearl of the Golden Ocean. It was a precious valuable brought by Luo Feng from the World of Jina machine-type domain valuable used by true gods of void space. It was only an ordinary treasure for true gods of void space, and mediocre true gods of void space were already able to use it. The limit of ordinary true gods was only at top-tier level nine. When Luo Feng was comprehending the evolution of chaos, he had largely exceeded that limit. He could totally rival ordinary true gods of void space!

That was why he was able to trigger the Pearl of the Golden Ocean. In fact, when Luo Feng had been converting credits into valuables in World of Jin, he had been able to convert the valuables back into military credits as part of the same deal. He had obtained many valuables to see whether he was able to fully comprehend and use them. If he wasnt able to use them, he would return them. Like Wu Qi God, which was one of the best true god level machine-type valuables and had three levels. The third level was so intricate that it was more difficult to employ than many machine-type valuables at the true god of void space level.

The engravings in the third level of Shi Wu Wings are relatively plain. Luo Feng sighed. I was able to utilize them when I was only a universe master, and even ordinary true gods are able to use them. Besides, my Shi Wu Wings dont have an origin, so the move is indeed weaker than Sector Light Domain.

The more advanced a technique was, the more powerful it was. The simplified version of single thought void space was far from Luo Fengs true power. Unfortunately, the fourth level of Shi Wu Wing, establish a universe with a single thought, was too intricate for Luo Feng to utilize. If he could fully comprehend it and perform its true power, he would exert much more power than at present.

The Pearl of the Golden Ocean was much more complicated than single thought void space, as it could only be triggered by true gods of void space, and it was the most advanced valuable that Luo Feng was able to use. It was also a machine-type valuable. Although it wasnt as delicate as his Shi Wu Wings, it was still much more powerful than single thought void space.

******

The endless golden ocean and the single thought void spaceboth were putting pressure on the Sector Light Domain.

Heng!

Sector Beast Beddy snorted. The Sector Light Domain was now so small that it barely surrounded Beddys body like a thin membrane. Even so, that layer was very dense and was capable of defending Beddy against every attack.

Milky Way Horde Leader Luo Feng. Sector Beast Beddy snorted. All you have are valuables. You trapped Morosa in your Star Tower, and eventually, you enslaved it. Without your valuables, you wouldnt have been able to accomplish that.

What Beddy said was true. Luo Feng had used single thought void space, the power of space of suppression, and the power of the origin of his miniature universe to completely confine Morosa so that it couldnt self-destruct.

I heard that you have an endless ocean body, said Sector Beast Beddy.

Sector Beast Beddy was exceptionally aloof; he was indeed full of confidence.

Just as he spoke, endless black light shot out and surrounded Luo Feng in the distance. It was so fast that even Luo Feng wasnt able to dodge it. Endless black threads wound around and enveloped Luo Feng, trapping him in a cocoon.

However, youre only a human, said Sector Beast Beddy, and youve become a true god, which means you now only have a human body. You might have lost your endless ocean body. Theres no need to fight you. All I need to do is to consume your godly power! Beddy looked at the black mist cocoon in the distance and smirked. A Sector Beast at level five can exert totally different power than level-four Sector Beasts even when performing the same move. Now, my power is purer and more forceful. The power of my sector is much stronger.

Chi! Chi! Chi!

Luo Feng didnt even try to get out. Instead, he began burning his godly power, shocking the black mist cocoon. Godly power and the power of the Sector Beasts were consuming each other.

You want to compete with me in terms of godly power? Luo Feng said.

He smirked. He could easily transform his godly power into the power of the Sector Beasts instead so that his enemy couldnt do that. However, he preferred to do what he was doing now.

According to Morosa, the godly power of level-five Sector Beasts can rival that of true gods 100 million kilometers tall, Luo Feng thought. However, its still less than one one-trillionth of mine.

Prev Chapter
 
 
Next Chapter
 Report chapter  4 Comments
Ko-fi donationsSupport us to read novels without ads
Freewebnovel.Com
Read Books Online & Free Novels OnlineContact - Sitemap
Privacy & Terms of use
