Read Novels Online Free
 NOVEL  Swallowed Star  Chapter 1477 - Splendid Because of Battle, Bright Because of You
Swallowed Star
Chapter 1477 - Splendid Because of Battle, Bright Because of You
Prev Chapter
 
 
 
Next Chapter

Chapter 1477: Splendid Because of Battle, Bright Because of You
Translator: Nyoi-Bo Studio Editor: Nyoi-Bo Studio

Luo Feng went back to the original universe and back to Milky Way Holy Land.

The final fight was coming, and based on the deadline described by Morosa, Luo Feng knew that he didnt have much time left. He didnt have any other thoughts but meeting with his family.

Hua!

Luo Feng landed in a hallway made of green stones. It was a simple courtyard, and in front of the courtyard stood a white-caped woman. Luo Feng smiled at her. She was his wife, Xu Xin! Xu Xin, who had always supported him without any complaints. She didnt crave him, and she didnt ask him to give her more time. Was it because she didnt like him?

When Lou Feng had tried to fight the swallowing beast to death, and everyone had thought he had died, including Xu Xin, she had chosen to die with him after giving birth to his child. Love wasnt supposed to be a restraint. Instead, it was supposed to be constant care and support.

Feng. Xu Xin smiled, and her smile was like a moon in the sky, calming Luo Fengs soul.

Luo Fengs wife was the harbor of his heart. He reached out and held her hand. Lets go see mom and dad.

Okay, said Xu Xin. She didnt ask any further questions. Shed been waiting here for a long time, and their parents lived in this courtyard.

They entered the courtyard. Soon, they saw Luo Hong Guo and Gong Xin Lan, who sat there talking. After a trillion eras, they still looked the same as before.

Ah, Feng. Luo Hong Guo and Gong Xin Lan both stood up.

Mom, Dad! yelled Luo Feng. When he saw his parents, he was still like that same hard-working student in the dojo during the era of Headquarter City on Earth.

Luo Hong Guo and Gong Xin Lan gave each other a look. They both felt that something was wrong with Luo Feng. He already stood among the pinnacle of billions of races, and he was steady and reliable when hanging out with his parents. However, Luo Feng was acting like a childa child who was deeply attached to his parents.

It was unusual. They both noted this, but neither of them said anything about it.

Come and sit, Xu Xin. Gong Xin Lan held her sons hands. They sat down, and so did Xu Xin.

******

Luo Feng was talking with his parents and wife like an ordinary human being, and soon, his two sons, Luo Ping and Luo Hai, and his brother, Luo Hua, also arrived. The family gathered together, talking and laughing. However, they had all lived for a long time, so they all sensed something wrong with Luo Feng this time.

It all seemed so normal, which was exactly why it was so abnormal. It was an unusual time! They were facing the Sector Beasts right now! And Luo Feng carried all the responsibilities. How did he have the time and energy to talk with his family? However, nobody said anything, even after talking for a long time. In fact, Luo Hong Guo, Gong Xin Lan, Luo Ping, and Luo Hai spoke the most.

Its time, said Luo Feng.

Everyone went quiet.

Luo Feng looked around. He looked at his mom and dad, who had always cared for him! At the brother who had grown up with him. At the two sons who idolized him. And at his wife who had been supporting him this whole time.

I think you all know now. Luo Feng nodded. Something major is happening, and Ive been keeping it from you. But now, its time to tell you.

He had gone to the hive of the Sector Beasts for slaughter, and he had fought 900,000 Sector Beasts, yet he hadnt shared this information with his family. Even though they knew about the Sector Beast crisis, they didnt know any of the details. However, if he failed this time, all the races of Universe Ocean would be annihilatedincluding him! There was no longer any need to shield them from anything.

Whats happening, brother? asked Luo Hua.

Dad.

Dad?

Luo Ping and Luo Hai were looking at Luo Feng anxiously. His parents and his wife also looked at him, worried.

This is the final act of the Sector Beast crisis, said Luo Feng. There can only be two results of this battle. If I win, all the races, including us humans, will be safe and sound. But if I lose, all the races will be annihilated, and the humans will die out as well. The original universe will be destroyed, and so will I No one can survive it. This will be the final battle.

His parents, his wife, his sons, and his brother were all shocked. This had to do with all the billions of races in Universe Ocean?

Im about to leave, whispered Luo Feng. I wanted to see you, my parents, and the rest of you, at the last moment before I left.

Luo Feng looked around at his family members. They were all his family!

A Feng. Luo Hong Guo put his hands on his sons shoulders, embracing him, and he smiled. Actually, Im very proud of you. I remember when I was young, when the nirvana came, and we barely survived it. Weve survived life-and-death situations so many times that we could finally live in Headquarter City, giving birth to you and A Hua.

Gong Xin Lan also embraced her son.

Your mom and I are very proud. We never expected that we would be able to tour the universe! We never expected that we would experience so many virtual games as if they were real life. Others only have one lifetime, but weve had countless lifetimes already.

Our lives are fantastic. And its because of you!

Both Luo Hong Guo and Gong Xin Lan looked at their son.

Dont feel burdened. Our Chinese saying goes, a hundred years of life, but weve lived for countless hundreds of years. Even if we die, well smile as we die. Luo Hong Guo smiled. Just go, and dont feel pressured. Just go and fight them. If you win, well have endless glory, but if you lose, well die with you.

Luo Fengs eyes were wet. He didnt feel any pain. Instead, it was endless joy.

Luo Feng looked at his family members, who werent worried at all. Actually, Im really selfish, he said. I dont have much time to be with Xu Xin, with my sons, and with my parents I spent most of my time adventuring through the universe. Ive been venturing and fighting. Even though Im doing this for the survival of the earthlings, Ive actually become accustomed to the life of adventure and combat. I like adventuring, and I love seeing all the mysteries of the universe. I love fighting, and I get excited by dancing between life and death. Without those, my life would be simple and boring. Luo Feng shook his head. Although its a blessing to live a simple life, Ive become used to fighting. Im used to this life.

Luo Feng looked at all his family. My life shines because of fighting! And without fighting, it would be boring. However, you guys. He looked at his parents, holding the hands of his wife, and he looked at his sons and his brother. Youre the greatest treasure of my life in this world! You are my everything! Youre more important than my own life! Without you, my world would be in darkness forever.

Family was most important of allmore important than his own life. He would do everything to protect his family! Without them, he would be trapped in darkness forever.

My life is splendid because of battle, but it is bright because of you!

Luo Feng looked at his family members. He let go of his parents and stood up.

Time for me go to.

******

The ultimate fight was related to the survival of all the races of Universe Ocean. Luo Feng wouldnt hide anything. Instead, all the true gods knew about it. True gods from all the races, and even lots of universe masters, had gathered in front of the palace on the square in Milky Way Holy Land.

Luo Feng walked out with his family, and all the races looked at him.

Milky Way Horde Leader.

Milky Way, we count on you now.

Milky Way

All the races knew that this was the moment.

Luo Feng walked around, passing all the true gods. He saw his teachers: Primal Chaos City Leader, Sitting Mountain Guest, and True Yan. He also saw his friends: Hong, Thunder God, Rong Jun, Wu Ka, Hu Yan Bo, and Babata. Many great beings of the earthlingseven his brother Wei Wenwere there. Great beings from the Remote Ocean (the races created by Luo Feng) were there, as well as his disciples.

Teacher.

A Feng.

Milky Way.

Luo Feng.

They all called out to him.

Luo Feng remained the longest in front of his teachers. Primal Chaos City Leader nodded, saying, You have never let me down.

Sitting Mountain Guest smiled. Ive devoted endless energies to cultivating you, and you turned out even better than I thought However, you havent paid me back yet, so dont be defeated by the Sector Beasts. You must win this time.

True Yan tapped on Luo Fengs shoulders. Youll always be my best disciple.

******

Luo Feng walked to the front. He turned around and looked at all the great beings standing in the square. There were true gods of the demon race and the bug race who he had fought before, as well as some subsidiary races who had followed his orders. Some of them were his friends, people he cared about

Everything

At this moment, Luo Feng felt the full weight of all he had to defend.

I wont allow it! thought Luo Feng. I wont allow anything that Im protecting to be destroyed! Ill protect everything with my life! I wont allow it! I wont allow it to be destroyed!

The great beings from all the races looked at Luo Feng. He looked back at them and smiled.

I will return! he said.

Sou!

Luo Feng flew away like a streak of light. If he did come back, it would mean he had succeeded. If he didnt make it back, all would be lost. The great beings of this universe era would only be remains in the three Lands of Extremis.

******

Luo Feng was full of strengths! Including the strength of his heart! Because of his family, his teachers, and his friends! He needed to defend them all!

It was all so beautiful, and he wouldnt allow it to be destroyed! He was willing to sacrifice everything to protect that!

Hong!

A ferocious Sector Beast burst out of the universe membrane and flew toward the area where a silver-armored and silver-winged man stood.

Master, said Morosa respectfully.

Luo Feng glanced at Morosa, who had already entered limit level five. Normally, when attaining level three, then level four, and then level five, each level would require time to process. However, under the influence of the supreme laws, Morosa had improved without facing any obstacles.

And now, only one enslaved Sector Beast was still alive. There was also only one free Sector Beast who was still alive.

Master, Mo He is coming here, Sector Beast Morosa said anxiously. Mo He is very fast. Its teleportation distance is clearly much greater than me. Are you sure you can win this fight, master?

Morosa wasnt guaranteed to win anything.

I will win this fight! whispered Luo Feng. I have to!

His voice was firm. He had to win this fight. He had to protect everything he was responsible for defending!

Go! Luo Feng took Morosa and teleported. They disappeared and charged toward Sector Beast Mo He.

Prev Chapter
 
 
Next Chapter
 Report chapter  4 Comments
Ko-fi donationsSupport us to read novels without ads
Freewebnovel.Com
Read Books Online & Free Novels OnlineContact - Sitemap
Privacy & Terms of use
