Read Novels Online Free
 NOVEL  Swallowed Star  Chapter 1472 - Protection
Swallowed Star
Chapter 1472 - Protection
Prev Chapter
 
 
 
Next Chapter

Chapter 1472: Protection
Translator: Nyoi-Bo Studio Editor: Nyoi-Bo Studio

He could only choose one out of the two!

Luo Fengs eyes revealed his choice instantly. I have no other options!

For everything that he wholeheartedly sought to protect, even if it meant sacrificing himself, it would be worthwhile. Besides, this was only his miniature universe. The destruction of a miniature universe would only mean that he would no longer be able to rise up the ranks. That was all.

******

In the virtual universe, within the floating godly palaces, the true gods of the primal universe had gathered. A map that represented everything within Universe Ocean was suspended high above them all.

Nine Remoteness True Master, Space Beast Ancestor, Shi Hua Island Leader, and all the other true gods were all staring at the map, which was densely covered with spots of light. All of them were worried.

The Sector Beasts have divided into two groups?

The true gods were upset. Sitting high up above them, the white-robed form of Luo Feng looked down. He did not hide anything from them. In the face of a life-and-death crisis, there was nothing worth hiding.

Attention, all, he announced. Now the Sector Beasts have divided themselves into two groups, 450,000 Sector Beasts are surrounding my miniature universe, prepared to close in on my miniature universe to start devouring it at any moment. The other group also consists of 450,000 Sector Beasts, they are now at the region where the miniature universe of the first reincarnation era originally was. Presently, they are working in pairs, fighting and devouring one another. The victorious ones will continue in pairs to fight and kill If such fighting and killing continues, evolution will happen among the 450,000 Sector Beasts. An extremely terrifying individual will emerge. If one reaches the sixth stage, then even someone like me will lose all hope.

Sixth-stage Sector Beasts were able to divide themselves into ten million bodies. No matter how powerful someone could be, in the face of such power, the most one could achieve was to kill a single body. Under the restriction of the Invisible Law, Morosa would be forced to fight against that sixth-stage Sector Beast and be killed in that fight. The moment that sixth-stage Sector Beast finished off the others and became king, it would personally breed a great many warriors. Those warriors would be even more terrifying than the sixth-stage Sector Beast. Such a mighty army would definitely be able to wipe out everything.

Working in pairs to catch and fight one another?

If this goes on, soon, one will evolve into a super Sector Beast.

Only Milky Way Horde Leader might possibly be able to put a stop to all of this. But if he were to head over there, the 450,000 Sector Beasts surrounding his miniature universe would immediately start devouring it.

The true gods were all transmitting their thoughts amidst their conversations, discussing the issue with great anxiety.

Currently, everyone was at a loss. This was a pair of extremely tough choices.

The Sector Beasts were born to be arrogant. Every single beast yearned to become the king. And now, they were working in pairs as they fought and killed. It was, in fact, not a fair system. Take a second-stage Sector Beast, for instance. Normally it would be fighting against other second-stage Sector Beasts. This way, it could continue to grow and develop. But now, in a pairing system, it would be forced to fight against any variety of other pairseven pairs of third-stage Sector Beasts. And even if it knew that it was headed for its own doom, there was no way it could avoid it.

The 450,000 Sector Beasts that were tasked to keep Luo Feng trapped by surrounding him had even lower chances of becoming a sixth-stage Sector Beast. Such an allocation of strength was unfair.

If the threat was not so significant, the Sector Beasts would absolutely not choose such a method to determine their ultimate king! But Luo Feng was much too intimidating. They were forced into submission when they faced him, so they opted for the cruelest method of killing to choose their king.

Though cruel, the method worked effectively. Luo Feng and the various races of Universe Ocean had fallen into a desperate situation.

******

Luo Feng looked down at the numerous true gods who were all engaged in a heated discussion.

Luo Feng. Seated at his side, Primal Chaos City Leader sent a voice transmission. Needless to ask what they are all thinking. They hope that you, Luo Feng, can go and fight on their behalf although it might cost you your miniature universe. But whether or not your miniature universe is destroyed, the other races really could not be bothered. Its just that they do not dare breathe a word about it, lest they anger you.

Luo Feng nodded. He understood this point. He transmitted his reply to Teacher. I am given no choice at all.

Primal Chaos City leader sighed lightly. True. No choice at all.

Luo Feng looked down at the various true gods and finally opened his mouth to speak. Dear all.

The various true gods all looked up and listened intently.

Stemming the tide of the Sector Beast calamity is of the utmost importance Luo Feng announced. I will head over to the region where the miniature universe of the first reincarnation era is without further delay. And I will do my best to deal with this Sector Beast threat.

Teacher!

Milky Way.

Luo Feng!

Right away, the human true gods were shouting. Fire Dome True God and Hong were all the more worried. If Luo Feng had chosen to set off for the other region, then his miniature universe, which was of such a massive size, would have been difficult to protect, even if there was help from the other true gods. It could almost have been said that his miniature universe was destined to be devoured by the Sector Beasts. This would sever Luo Fengs future, and he would no longer be able to progress further up the ranks.

No need to talk me out of it, Luo Feng said. My miniature universe is large enough. Perhaps it can endure for a much longer time.

But those are 450,000 Sector Beasts Fire Dome True God was anxious.

Luo Feng shook his head. I have no choice!

The human true gods, who initially had been trying to talk Luo Feng out of his decision, fell silent. Even the demon and bug true gods, who would normally express some degree of gloating over anothers misfortunes, all felt a sinking feeling in their hearts. It was true. There was no choice at all. Even Milky Way Horde Leader was left with no choice. They, the various races, were all the more pathetic and helpless; they could only pray that Milky Way Horde Leader would succeed. If not, they were all bound for annihilation.

This time, as I set off, I do so without 100 percent confidence. Luo Feng shook his head. The 450,000 Sector Beasts at the region of the first reincarnation era have been fighting one another, and many have already been annihilated. They are scattered. When I catch them in their pairs, the most I will be able to kill, along with the first two I find, would be the other two fighting against this pair. This way, even if I have to kill any, I will not be able to do so in a large-scale approach

The true gods below him all felt the same sinking feeling in their hearts again.

I will do my best to deal with the Sector Beasts, Luo Feng continued. As for protecting your own miniature universes, that will be up to you all. I cannot afford to be distracted further.

Silence.

The true gods looked at one another. Although they were all unwilling to accept such a decision, they were also aware that Luo Feng was not even able to protect his own miniature universe. It would be even more difficult to protect their miniature universes.

Milky Way Horde Leader, you go ahead. You are already putting your own miniature universe at risk. Even if we were to lose our miniature universes, it would not be a big deal.

Yes. The possibility of us transcending reincarnation was originally so low that it could be regarded as negligible. With or without a miniature universe, it barely makes a difference.

Milky Way Horde Leader, no need to be distracted over us.

Against the Sector Beast crisis, we are all so powerless, but we will certainly not do anything to affect Milky Way Horde Leader.

At this juncture, the true gods of the various races were still able to determine what was more pressing. Exterminating all the Sector Beasts eclipsed all else. Everything else could be sacrificed, regardless of how unwillingly the sacrifice was made. But with that great army of Sector Beasts laying siege and charging at them, how would their miniature universes be able to ward off the attacks? They had to accept this, and at the same time, they had to fervently pray that Luo Feng would succeed.

This was a true calamity! If they could pull through to survive it, that would be considered a victory.

******

Just as the true gods of various races were caught up in their discussion, Sitting Mountain Guest, who was seated in a corner as he quietly observed everything that was going on, revealed a trace of a smile. This truly is my disciple. No one can perceive his internal struggle and hesitation! Knowing what goes through his mind, I can tell his disposition. He is acting out of his own free will. His intention to help Even though he has become the Number One Master of Universe Ocean, his heart is still as clear as before, untarnished by all the filthiness around him.

Sitting Mountain Guest was crystal clear. When those who were weaker made their ascent, step by step, it was still possible for others to discern what was going through their minds and to know their disposition. Then it would be possible to know what their original intentions were and, appropriately, cut off all thoughts of temptations. But the moment one became a most powerful existence By that time, they could naturally request for and possess so much more. That was when the human heart got greedier and started to long for more. This was when continuing to maintain a clear heart became something trying.

Luo Feng. Sitting Mountain Guest transmitted his voice.

Seated at the highest level, Luo Feng involuntarily turned to look at Sitting Mountain Guest.

Teacher. Luo Feng transmitted his reply.

You can set off, Sitting Mountain Guest said. Go handle the threat of the Sector Beasts. As for your miniature universe you need not worry. I will head over to your miniature universe right away. For the time being, I will stay within your miniature universe. I have a treasure with me, and I will try my very best to protect your miniature universe to prevent it from being devoured.

What? Where he was seated, Luo Feng was shocked. Beside him, even Primal Chaos City Leader could sense that Luo Feng seemed to have undergone a change in demeanor. He could not help turning over to look at Luo Feng.

Teacher. Luo Feng was shocked beyond measure. You are saying you will protect my miniature universe?

Mm. Sitting Mountain Guest continued to reply via voice transmission. Right.

Teacher, what about your own miniature universe? Luo Feng quickly asked.

I can only protect one, Sitting Mountain Guest replied right away.

The true meaning of what he had just said was that the moment Sitting Mountain Guest entered Luo Fengs miniature universe to try his best to help Luo Feng, his own miniature universe would be neglected. He could not divide his attention between two miniature universes.

Luo Feng became very anxious. Teacher, your miniature universe. The moment it gets devoured, my miniature universe

Say no more, Sitting Mountain Guest said. It would be pointless. Even if I were to transcend reincarnation, your survival is more important! I have put so much effort into cultivating you, and you are much stronger than I ever imagined. Your potential is boundless. How can such a promising future be so easily severed? Then all of my expectations and efforts throughout these endless years would come to naught.

Luo Feng was taken aback.

True. He was more than willing to sever the possibility of further advancement in the future. But did he spare a thought for Sitting Mountain Guest? Teacher Sitting Mountain Guest had taken him under his wing to cultivate him. If Luo Feng was no longer able to advance, that would definitely dash all of Sitting Mountain Guests hopes and expectations.

Think no more, Sitting Mountain Guest said. It is not a big deal if I cannot attain the void space level. You must transcend reincarnation. That is most important. In the future, you will come to learn of all the secrets, and by then, you will understand the reason why I, your Teacher, have to do all this. Go. Put in your very best effort to deal with the Sector Beasts. Your miniature universe Teacher will protect it in its entirety, even if it costs me my life.

Luo Feng was seated on his throne, high and mighty above all. Looking at Sitting Mountain Guest, who was seated in a faraway corner, he shut his eyes. His heart was trembling.

Maybe Sitting Mountain Guest was making use of him. Or maybe he had some other plan in mind. But for a trillion eras, as Luo Feng had grown up and matured, Sitting Mountain Guest had never once requested his help before. On the contrary, Sitting Mountain Guest had always been the one helping him! Even up until now, Sitting Mountain Guest was still helping him Such great kindness far surpassed all the help that True Yan and Primal Chaos City Leader had ever rendered.

Luo Feng had always had this nagging feeling that Sitting Mountain Guest had some kind of plan, which was why there was always a barrier within his heart that he could not overcome. However, regardless of it all, Sitting Mountain Guest had, undoubtedly, always helped him. Even if it meant having to give up on his own miniature universe, he insisted on helping Luo Feng!

Teacher, Luo Feng silently said to himself, when this Sector Beast crisis is over and everything I need to protect is safe, I, Luo Feng, will repay you for your great kindness. Even if I die doing so, I do it most willingly!

******

Sou!

At the membrane walls of the endlessly huge primal universe, a lone figure penetrated through and flew out. He wore a suit of silver armor, and there were five pairs of wings behind him.

Sector Beasts A glimmer of a ferocious ray of light flashed in Luo Fengs eyes. Then he flew off and disappeared within the endless chaotic airflow.

******

At the same time that Luo Feng left the primal universe, outside the portal that led to Luo Fengs miniature universe from Milky Way Holy Land, Sitting Mountain Guestwho sat cross-legged on a mountain peakcame floating over. In his eyes was peace, with no trace of happiness or sorrow. The guards had already received orders regarding his arrival, so naturally, none would dare to block his way. Sitting Mountain Guest flew smoothly, right into the portal.

Prev Chapter
 
 
Next Chapter
 Report chapter  4 Comments
Ko-fi donationsSupport us to read novels without ads
Freewebnovel.Com
Read Books Online & Free Novels OnlineContact - Sitemap
Privacy & Terms of use
