Read Novels Online Free
 NOVEL  Swallowed Star  Chapter 1474 - The Last Fight with the Sector Beasts
Swallowed Star
Chapter 1474 - The Last Fight with the Sector Beasts
Prev Chapter
 
 
 
Next Chapter

Chapter 1474: The Last Fight with the Sector Beasts
Translator: Nyoi-Bo Studio Editor: Nyoi-Bo Studio

Chaotic airflow was drifting all about. The vast land was continuously condensing, then extending and expanding. On this vast piece of land, there was an exquisite palace. This palace belonged to Sitting Mountain Guest.

It has been nearly 20 days now. Sitting Mountain Guest sat in a relaxed manner. There was a wine decanter on the crystal table next to him, and he was leisurely holding a wine glass.

It had been close to 20 days since hed arrived at Luo Fengs miniature universe. Without a break, he had waited for that very moment when the Sector Beasts moved in to start devouring Luo Fengs miniature universe. There was a reason he had waited so long. In fact, it had only taken a short time for Luo Feng to fly over to the region of the miniature universe of the first reincarnation. It was mainly because the Sector Beasts needed a long time to fight and devour.

Normally, it would take trillions of eras before the evolution of the ultimate king could occur. Now, due to their fast-shrinking numbers, every time one devoured another, they would require some time for digestion. As for crossing levelsfor instance, going from the third stage to the fourth stage, or the fourth stage to the fifth stagesuch progress would require a great deal of time.

Hong!

An invisible power instantly spread throughout the entire miniature universe.

Huh? Sitting Mountain Guests expression changed. Have they started devouring?

Theoretically, when Sector Beasts were devouring the origin, life forms within the miniature universe would not be able to detect anything. But with 450,000 Sector Beasts devouring at the same time, the violent vibration they caused in time and space would be more than enough to affect the entire miniature universe.

******

In Luo Fengs miniature universe.

Hua!

100,000 planets were revolving around the core of nothingness that they kept surrounded. That nothingness was also continuously revolving as it devoured, and its strong devouring power was causing the chaotic airflow in the void space outside the miniature universe to form a gigantic whirlpool.

Suddenly, another strong power penetrated through the void space and fell directly into the middle of this origin. There, it began devouring the power of the origin the best it could.

Its here. A godly powered avatar condensed and took form in the middle of the origin. It was Luo Fengs godly powered avatar.

Block it! Luo Fengs willpower was rendering support to the origin as it tried its best to mount a resistance.

Hong! Long! Long!

The entire origin was trembling. The 100,000 planets that were originally revolving so peacefully started to release an outburst of light rays and began to revolve in a crazy manner. As for the whirlpool brought about by the core of nothingness, it also produced a formidable gravitational force. In the face of the swallowing power of 450,000 Sector Beasts, it instantly started to collapse.

It was like a game of tug-of-war!

From where he was, Luo Feng was pulling inward, while the 450,000 Sector Beasts were pulling outward. However, with just one touch, the entire line of Sector Beasts collapsed.

What? Luo Feng was shocked. How is that possible?

450,000 Sector Beasts in the space outside Luo Fengs miniature universe were astounded. Both sides were shocked. No one had expected such an outcome.

How could it be so easy?

Luo Feng carefully sensed his own origin. 100,000 planets were revolving around the core of nothingness. Everything was gathered within the whirlpool of that nothingness. By sensing his origin, a sudden understanding dawned upon Luo Feng.

100,000 Heavens? The Beginning of the Origin? So, this is what they turned out to be.

Luo Feng instantly understood the mystery behind these two things. For ordinary true godseven those from the pulse of Duan Dong River, Godly King of Jin, and generations of great beingstheir universe structures might have been considered magical, but they were not flawless. If they ever encountered Sector Beasts that intended to devour their origins, they were destined to be devoured. Even with their willpower rendering a certain degree of support, it would only mean the devouring process would be slowed down. That was all.

But for Luo Feng, the situation was different.

The structures of Beginning of the Origin and 100,000 Heavens were the understanding of the most mystical life structure diagrams that Luo Feng managed to derive after comprehending at a life gene level of 100,000 times. They represented his final comprehension. They had the same effect as the structure diagram of 100,000 life genes level!

Both shared a common feature: complete with nothing lost!

Luo Fengs godly power could even be transformed into a Sector Beasts power. Even if his miniature universe were to be subjected to violent vibrations, even if the numerous planets within his origin were shattered, so long as he still had his Beginning of the Origin, he could rapidly regenerate another 100,000 Heavens. It was immortalized. It was the beginning of everything. It was complete and without any leakage. This was a miniature universe that was complete, in its entirety, at the point of birth. Since it was so complete, without anything being lost, it would certainly be untouchable to those who attempted to devour it.

As for the other miniature universes, the moment they were born, they were unbefitting of being considered complete and free of leakage. Naturally, they could and would be devoured.

This was also why the diameter of the other true gods miniature universes was only as big as 100 million light years, whereas Luo Fengs miniature universe had a diameter of one billion light years.

Perhaps, at the moment, Luo Fengs miniature universe was not as big as that of a true god of void space or an eternal true god. But the moment Luo Feng became a true god of void space or an eternal true god, he would definitely be above them all. This was because his miniature universe had a structure that was complete and without leakage. It was naturally flawless from the start!

******

In fact, the process was similar to the evolution of the Sector Beasts, which moved individuals in the direction of becoming a complete, ultimate life form: the ultimate king. The ultimate king of the Sector Beasts would be just like Luo Feng. It would be able to transform its Sector Beast power into godly power; it could easily change its aura. It could change everything. There were many things it would be able to do, and it would acquire an array of talents such as breeding and devouring.

The way a king of the Sector Beasts devoured things would be the true terror. Even Luo Fengs miniature universe, even the primal universenone would be able to resist it!

Because the king of the Sector Beasts represented true destruction, even the primal universe would need to self-destruct and transform into its origin in order to mount a resistance. Luo Fengs miniature universe might have the potential to do so, but in terms of talent, it was lacking. Therefore, it would still be restrained.

However! That was when being restrained by the king of the Sector Beasts. These were ordinary Sector Beasts whose lives had yet to evolve to completion. Solely relying on their talents to confront Luo Fengs miniature universewhich was complete and with no leakagenaturally, there was no way they could land a bite! No matter what, they would not be able to devour anything. Not even a trace of it!

******

Initially, Luo Feng fell into a daze, but soon after, he was in a state of delirium.

The 450,000 Sector Beasts outside were also struck with disbelief. They had always thought of themselves as superior life forms and had always believed they were born to be incomparably noble. They felt that no miniature universe had a chance when facing them, and every one would be devoured by them in the end. But today, it was like they had bitten a sheet of iron, shattering their teeth. And yet, they had not managed to take a single bite.

Luo Feng? Teleporting out of the palace, Sitting Mountain Guest wore a solemn expression as he looked far into the distance where a chaotic airflow was spreading over to fill up. He wondered to himself, Do you need me to protect you?

Sitting Mountain Guest had a feeling that such a great commotion had to have been caused by the Sector Beasts devouring.

Luo Fengs voice was transmitted. Its all right, Teacher. Those Sector Beasts are unable to do anything to me.

Cant do anything? Sitting Mountain Guest was shocked.

Luo Feng transmitted his voice again. They can devour the miniature universes of other true gods, but they cant devour mine.

Sitting Mountain Guest was dumbfounded, but soon, a smile appeared on his face. Even he had never heard of anyone being able to create a miniature universe with a diameter of one billion light years at the true god level. Such uniqueness was the only explanation for such an outcome.

Haha! Then over here at your miniature universe, Im no longer needed! Sitting Mountain Guest laughed heartily, then immediately left Luo Fengs miniature universe.

******

In the faraway region containing the miniature universe of the first reincarnation era, amidst one of the void spaces, Luo Feng was engaged in crossfire with one of the fifth-stage Sector Beasts.

Sector Beast Zia was executing Destruction. It was trying its best just to stay alive!

Previously, Beddy was only a fifth-stage Sector Beast, said Sector Beast Zia. I suspect Beddy had not yet reached the top level of the fifth stage. I am stronger than it was, so who knows, I might be able to survive this.

Zia executed Destruction and fought with all its might. Yet suddenly, a piece of news was transmitted to it.

It was shocked into a daze. How could? How could? How could it be that the devouring of Luo Fengs miniature universe would fail? They were unable to devour Luo Fengs miniature universe?

Humph. Seeing Sector Beast Zias surprise, Luo Feng wielded his Blood Ghost Blade and fought with all his might.

Fighting a fifth-stage Sector Beast was what Luo Feng looked forward to. The technique of Destruction, when performed by a fifth-stage Sector Beast, would allow Luo Feng a chance to steal a glimpse of the destruction of the origin. Earlier, he had only managed to see Beddy execute it twice. This Zia, in its heightened state of madness, had already executed it three times in succession, much to Luo Fengs benefit.

Even when I execute Destruction, I still cannot shake it off. Sector Beast Zia wanted to bring out his Sector Light Passageway right away.

Suddenly

At the same moment when Luo Fengs Blood Ghost Blade struck, a water droplet soundlessly invaded the body of Sector Beast Zia. This was Three Stars Sector, a soul enslavement technique that Luo Feng was most skillful and powerful in. Previously, he had relied on this technique to enslave Morosa. Whether this enslavement would be successfully or not depended on two determining factors: the soul and the willpower!

From the first stage to the sixth stage, the Sector Beasts were all at the true god level. Although they were evolved, their souls did not go through much evolution. Mainly, it was the sector in the bodies risingtheir comprehension level improvingand so the battle techniques that they could execute were more mystical and profound. There was also a gradual increase in the unique moves they would be capable of executing, such as Sector Light Passageway, Sector Light Domain, and Destruction!

Zias soul was slightly stronger than Morosas, but not by very much. As for its willpower? Both were the cream of the crop among the Sector Beasts. Now, with the rapid evolution of all the sudden fighting and killing, Zias internal sector might have become more powerful, but its willpower did not increase much.

This was just like Luo Feng. Only when Luo Fengs comprehension reached the life gene level of 100,000 could he comprehend the insight of the universe operations. That was when his willpower could evolve to an eternal true gods ultimate limit. As for the stage where he progressed from a universe master to a true god, there had not been much improvement in his willpower at all.

Theoretically speaking, if I can enslave Morosa, I can also enslave Zia. Luo Feng whispered to himself.

What is? In Sector Beast Zias two singular eyes, there was first confusion, quickly followed by a painful struggle. Explode!

With a loud rumble, it exploded. Holding onto its only remaining glimmer of sobriety, Sector Beast Zia had managed to blow itself up. It had known that if it hesitated further, it would most likely be completely caught up. Sector Beast Zia had not reacted in time to execute Sector Light Passageway to escape, so it had been left with its only choice to the path of freedomself-destruction!

How could the enslavement be unsuccessful? Luo Feng frowned.

Previously, when he had been in the Sector Beasts nest, he had needed to act very carefully. That was because he had not enslaved a Sector Beast. But this time around, he intended to spread his killing to all four corners. If he could enslave a fifth-stage Sector Beast, then he and his Sector Beast could split into two forces. That way, they could kill even more Sector Beasts.

This Zia was, after all, of the same caliber as Morosa and Beddy. It had already stood among the top-tiered Sector Beasts long before now. Its willpower had been quite strong to begin with. Luo Feng shook his head. Perhaps by switching to a Sector Beast with weaker willpower, I will be able to enslave it.

Sou!

Luo Feng immediately teleported and vanished in a flash as he made his way after the next Sector Beast.

******

Sector Beast Zias death did not seem to stir up much commotion among the Sector Beasts. This was because the entire Sector Beast race was surprised by the news that Luo Fengs miniature universe could not be devoured. They had all fallen into a mixed state of shock and anger.

Execute the final abandonment plan!

The abandonment plan!

This is an insult to all the Sector Beasts!

The final plan!

This was a plan that the Sector Beasts had prepared while escaping out of their nests. It was the final abandonment plan. The most dreadful plan. A plan that required a great many Sector Beasts to be sacrificed.

It was unfair, but the Sector Beasts were all of one mind. This was a plan that guaranteed the birth of a sixth-stage Sector Beast! Putting this plan into play was a great insult to the honorable Sector Beasts. But now, they had no choice but to execute this plan.

There was nothing they could do to Luo Feng. There was nothing they could do to his miniature universe. He could kill them to his hearts content or enslave them all he wanted.

They needed to fall back on their one last shot!

The birth of a sixth-stage Sector Beast. According to the limitation set by the supreme law, forcing Morosa to show his true self would lead to the birth of the final king! So long as the king of the Sector Beasts could be born Luo Feng would die!

This was cruelty. Most of the Sector Beasts were unwilling to execute it; unless they were left with no other recourse, they would never resort to the abandonment plan!

Lets go!

Lets go!

Lets go!

More than 450,000 Sector Beasts originally surrounding Luo Feng immediately teleported over long distances in all directions. They quickly made their escape and left.

Prev Chapter
 
 
Next Chapter
 Report chapter  4 Comments
Ko-fi donationsSupport us to read novels without ads
Freewebnovel.Com
Read Books Online & Free Novels OnlineContact - Sitemap
Privacy & Terms of use
