Read Novels Online Free
 NOVEL  Swallowed Star  Chapter 1464 - Scimitar
Swallowed Star
Chapter 1464 - Scimitar
Prev Chapter
 
 
 
Next Chapter

Chapter 1464: Scimitar
Translator: Nyoi-Bo Studio Editor: Nyoi-Bo Studio reewebove.com

Kill!

Kill Milky Way Horde Leader!

The crowd of Sector Beasts covered space, and they rushed toward that bouncing Star Tower.

They were almighty! And they were ferocious! The power was so strong that even Luo Feng felt powerless before it. Even if Luo Feng created a miniature universe and Endless Golden Ocean at the same time. Faced with the absolute power advantage, Luo Feng wasnt able to do anything about it even if they were weak at defense individually.

I was being too arrogant. Luo Feng remained in Star Tower the whole time. I thought I would be able to kill all 18,000 Sector Beasts with all the skills I have. However, when there are so many more Sector Beasts, the power is totally different. I can easily kill 2,000 Sector Beasts at once, but I cant even defend myself against 18,000 Sector Beasts.

If he was more powerful, he could have immediately found his enemies weaknesses and killed them. That had been the case when Luo Feng had been fighting 2,000 Sector Beasts. He was just as skilled in attacks as those Sector Beasts. Besides, he also had many other techniques, so he could instantly kill all 2,000 Sector Beasts, whereas now, he was being crushed.

If their soul attacks are weaker, I can use my godly power, Luo Feng thought.

If he could turn into a godly power ocean one square light year wide and drown all the 18,000 Sector Beasts, the attacks from the Sector Beasts would be neutralized by the godly power ocean and wouldnt gather.

But Luo Feng didnt dare to use that method. Sector Beasts were creatures that were great at soul attacks, and even if they were only at pinnacle level two, they might have been just as great as Divine Eye True Master. If he turned into a godly power ocean, all those 18,000 Sector Beasts might perform soul attacks at once, hitting his godly power ocean and reaching the soul inside the Heart of True God.

Luo Feng didnt want to risk it. Indeed, he had strong willpower, yet it was only slightly stronger than Morosa. If his soul was attacked by 18,000 Sector Beasts at once, it would be obliterated.

None of the valuables and techniques work, and godly power wont help, either. I have to create stronger blade techniques, or I need to fully comprehend the third level of Wu Qi God. Only after that do I stand a chance of winning.

Luo Feng fled, as he was trying to create new blade techniques and the third level of Wu Qi God. He had felt Destruction twice when hed fought and killed Beddy, and he had obtained some experience from that; he had even fully comprehended the fourth level of Shi Wu Wing. Luo Feng had already been able to create techniques at pinnacle level 11 during his fight with Beddy, and now, he was at level 12. All hed wanted before was to exterminate all the Sector Beasts with the origin, so he hadnt had the time or energy to create blade techniques at his level or study the third level of Wu Qi God.

I have to be more powerful in order to stand a chance.

******

Under the black-striped stone pillar in the distant Universe Boat, the godly powered avatar of Luo Feng was trying to create blade techniques and comprehend the third level of Wu Qi God under the effects of time that passed ten million times faster.

He had already reached an exceptional level of power, so he could create the blade techniques easily. However, the godly powered avatar failed to comprehend the third level of Wu Qi God, no matter how hard he tried.

What was the Godly King of Jin thinking? Ive already reached level 12, and if it werent for the Sector Beasts, I couldve become a true god of void space already. However, Im still not able to use the third level of Wu Qi God. Is it really a machine-type valuable for true gods? Even if it was created by you, Godly King, it shouldnt be this powerful.

Luo Feng had spent more than three years comprehending Wu Qi God while creating blade techniques, yet he had still failed to fully apprehend it. However, with his previous comprehension and the mysteries of Destruction, he had created a blade technique called Scimitar.

When the blade was drawn, its structure was an arc, so he had given it a simple name.

Although it had taken him over three years, he was in a place where time passed ten million times faster, so it had only been ten seconds!

******

The Sector Beasts were forming teams of 10,000 members. The plus side was, the team had become much more powerful, but since there were fewer teams, each team was much farther from the others than before, so even after ten seconds of fighting, other teams were still on their way there.

What are you hiding in Star Tower for, Milky Way Horde Leader?

Is this the number one great being in Universe Ocean?

I thought you were so powerful. You killed Beddy! Dont you dare to come out?

All the cursing and laughing echoed in the space outside of Star Tower. Luo Feng looked outside through Star Tower, which was already surrounded by Sector Beasts. The 18,000 Sector Beasts occupied the entire space outside of Star Tower, leaving him no space to fly to.

Get out? Luo Feng whispered in Star Tower. Not yet.

None of the 18,000 Sector Beasts outside could see anything in Star Tower, and they couldnt see Luo Feng, either.

Huh?

Luo Fengs eyes gleamed. After only ten seconds, he had already created the best blade technique he was able to create, given his current level of power. Although he still hadnt finished comprehending the third level of Wu Qi God, Luo Feng thought it might take him 100 times longer to actually finish comprehending it. If he spent much more time, another team of more than 10,000 Sector Beasts might arrive.

He couldnt delay any longer! Time to fight!

If I succeed, Ill provoke more Sector Beasts into coming here, thought Luo Feng. If I fail, then Ill just be blocked by them. Ill just hide in here, and I wont go out. With time going by, there will be more and more Sector Beasts. Then Ill deal with those seven million Sector Beasts.

It was either seven million Sector Beasts or more.

******

All 18,000 Sector Beasts blocked every direction around Star Tower. All of a sudden, a silver-armored being appeared from a side door at the base of Star Tower. He glanced around at all the Sector Beasts in front of him.

Its Milky Way Horde Leader.

Hes coming out.

Do it now!

All the Sector Beasts in various directions wanted to take action, yet they didnt rush to do it. Each attack used all their power, yet Luo Feng could hide inside Star Tower with only one step. They wouldnt waste their energy, as Luo Feng was standing right beside the side door.

Shua!

Star Tower disappeared while Luo Feng became a godly power ocean ten billion square kilometers large, surrounding more than 300 Sector Beasts. The Sector Beasts were overjoyed to see the godly power ocean.

Attack!

Shua!

The godly power ocean disappeared while Luo Feng, clothed in silver armor, showed up again. He was already among the Sector Beasts.

Luo Feng glanced around the group of Sector Beasts in front of him.

Die!

All the Sector Beasts were stunned. They saw an enormous, blurry godly eye floating in space. It seemed to the Sector Beasts that everything had disappeared, and the terrific willpower shocks contained in that godly eye pierced their souls like blades. Suddenly, the 900 Sector Beasts closest to Luo Feng were hit directly in their souls, which rendered them in such agony that they blacked out.

This was Godly Eye Secret Technique!

In the past, Luo Feng had observed the operation of the universe and reached a life gene level of 100,000 times, thus becoming a true god. During that process, his willpower had also transformed, reaching the pinnacle eternal true god level.

Back when Luo Feng was only a universe master, he had used Godly Eye Technique when fighting Morosa. Morosa had experienced unbearable pain, but his combat strength hadnt been hindered.

But now, things were different. For one thing, Luo Fengs willpower hadnt been as strong as it was now. And for another, Morosa had been one of the top-tier Sector Beasts at the time, wielding exceptional willpower. As for the Sector Beasts around him, at level two, they had relatively weaker willpower.

Godly Eye Secret Technique!

Just as Luo Feng performed Godly Eye Secret Technique, he waved Blood Shadow Blade in his hands.

This attack represented his highest accomplishment at this moment. It was based on four basic laws: gold, light, space, and water. It also contained part of the destruction origin. All of them merged together to form this move.

Hu!

A blade light flew out. It was certainly much faster than Luo Fengs speed of flight, reaching one million times faster than light speed. The light gleamed platinum gold! It looked like a blade-shaped star but burned billions of times brighter, and it indeed had an element of Destruction. It also carried the eroding mystery of the gold.

Hua!

The gleaming blade light slashed at the 900 Sector Beasts closest to it. It was so powerful that it could rival Destruction.

The bodies of all 900 Sector Beasts that had been shocked crumbled, and the sectors inside their bodies cracked, killing them all.

Be careful!

Attack!

Kill him!

The rest of the Sector Beasts werent worried. They were superior enough that their attacks could be delivered with delicate precision; even with Luo Feng flying among them, it was still easy for the Sector Beasts not to hurt their companions as they attacked Luo Feng.

Hong! Hong! Hong!

6,000 light pillars appeared at the same time.

Break, said Luo Feng.

His blade light shone. The platinum-gold blade light struck, and after a massive sound, all those light pillars cracked and crumbled.

Luo Feng bounced away as well. However, more than 300 Sector Beasts around him were annihilated. They were still affected by the shock waves.

He resisted it?

Hes only at a slight disadvantage in the face of 6,000 Sector Beasts?

Hes getting stronger.

The Sector Beasts were terrified. Luo Feng was able to fight 6,000 Sector Beasts now! And as long as he remained in their midst, their attacks couldnt be combined to fall on Luo Feng at the same time. After all, Luo Feng knew how to dodge them individually.

Kill.

Luo Feng used Godly Eye Secret Technique and the blade technique at the same time. He slaughtered the Sector Beasts, forcing them to run away. However, they were slower than him, and he had the ability to turn into an ocean and get among them again. They couldnt get far.

******

Milky Way Horde Leader has gotten stronger.

There were 18,000 Sector Beasts. After he killed 12,000 Sector Beasts, we all tried to run, but we were still hunted by him. Only 1,000 of us got away alive.

His blade technique is stronger than before.

The news spread. All the Sector Beasts in the Land of Darkness were in a panic. More Sector Beasts started to hurry toward the hinterland, including those who hadnt intended to at first.

They had to eliminate this threat! It was either Milky Way or the Sector Beasts!

Prev Chapter
 
 
Next Chapter
 Report chapter  4 Comments
Ko-fi donationsSupport us to read novels without ads
Freewebnovel.Com
Read Books Online & Free Novels OnlineContact - Sitemap
Privacy & Terms of use
